BUT, if you do happen to see a military spouse today, say "thank you." Our lives aren't easy. As a matter of fact, if you were to see me on the street and buy me a drink, I wouldn't turn it away :)
Skirt - Noa Noa
Today, would you take a moment and consider the things in your past that seem to constantly ‘re-appear” in your life? Things that could be described as “strong-holds” or patterns of failure in your life that never seem to go away… behaviors that resist your most ardent efforts to overcome.
Lots of emails to get through this morning. I just managed to secure a great quote from a really big author for a debut book of mine, so that’s something of a triumph. Need to approve some sub-rights deals and special promotions, and a couple need to be talked through with author as they are ‘new frontier’. I’m finalising plans for two speaking events I’m doing next month. I have a couple of new book ideas from an author that I’ll think through today. Also have to agree some wording on an ebook addendum. And I have a revised synopsis I need to look at (I think she’s nailed it – yay!).
Chocolates are not the only thing to raise the heart rate in this beautiful boutique. There are pouring sauces, drinking chocolates, sweet biscuits scented with lavender and my favourites, the orangettes. Glace orange peel finely sliced and covered in rich dark chocolate; my first bite was a 'died and gone to heaven' moment.
April 27, 2012, 4:05 p.m.
Akasha made friends with some teenage girls she just adored. You can see her with one of them on the right if you look closely. I really hope they are there again next year lol!
Speaking of the Fearless One, he was a burly African body builder guy who in hind sight, dressed in Zulu traditional warrior garb.
Does it sing? Is the piece a high expression of the craft and aesthetic? Is it 'just right'? Jill said she cried the first time she tried on the ruby Beene dress that was a graduation gift from her father.
2. Go on a bike tour. I envy the cyclists I pass on the road. They are normally out on beautiful, sunny days. I think, “I should be doing that, not going to the grocery store.” I want to gear up and hop on an aluminum frame bike and go where they are going.
“This Turkish woman chased off a few cats we were feeding nearby and stared at us while we fed these two friendly cats. We stayed with them longer than usual to make sure that they would be safe. Their territory is in a very dangerous area and they will not make it on the streets for much longer.” - Sara
electrification targeted in 2012-13.
We should say a word about Antichrist. He is not simply a cruel dictator who is anti-Christian. I think most people, when they think of Antichrist, think of someone like Hitler, who was a persecutor, or Stalin, who persecuted Christians and was against religion. But that is not what Antichrist is, though he has that aspect. “Anti” means not just “against”; it means “in place of.” He will be someone who will come and take the place of Christ; it says quite clearly that he will be in the temple of Jerusalem, worshipped as God. You don’t go and worship an ordinary dictator; at least, the whole world could not very easily do that. But he will come as a world dictator who is accepted as God, as someone very positive; thus he will try, in every possible way, to imitate Christ, to take the place of Christ.
Here we see Hideaki Goto and Makoto Imai with their alarm, and Roger Highfield and the museum's Content Developer Jessica Bradford. It was also great to get a tour of the museum with Roger and see some of the newest acquisitions including one of the capsules used to free the trapped Chilean miners in 2010. Stephenson's Rocket, Model T Fords and moon rock ... what's not to like?
I can shoot a hundred numbers through the chest and watch them bleed decimal points in the palm of my hand. I can rip the numbers off a clock and watch the hour hands tick tick tick their final tock just before I fall asleep. I can suffocate seconds just by holding my breath. I've been murdering minutes for hours and no one seems to mind.
Here she is looking young, isn't she?
If I published more than one book, though, things get a little more interesting. By going through YouWriteOn I’d still have to sell 33 copies of each and every book in order to recoup that initial cost, because YouWriteOn offers a per-book price only, whereas by buying that block of ten ISBNs my break-even point is reduced. By publishing two books myself, the break-even point comes at 26 copies each; by publishing three books myself, that break-even point comes after I’ve sold 18 copies of each of the books.
1 cup tahini
Paige Denim $119 Saks Fifth Avenue Off Fifth
Line 7 – 7 syllables
Well they are leeeeetle wig caps for my Elf (can't decide on a colour yet- will be asking you clever ladies for some advice in my next post when the wigs are completed)
another P.S.
That’s a twenty-to-one spread within a so-called partnership. And some of the biggest winners had multi-year guaranteed compensation deals.
This is by far my favie. There has rarely been a time in my life when something bad has happened, (like walking in caca, or dealing with language and cultural barriers), when I've not wanted to say "Ohhhhh Putaaaaaiiiin". It's my go-to, and I highly recommend.
Some folks enjoy crab cakes accompanied with a sauce of choice. A remoulade composed of mayonnaise, ketchup, lemon juice, horseradish and a dash of hot sauce is a southern favorite. Tartar sauce is a quick and easily alternative.
However, while the sun maybe out, it is not quite yet time for skirts and maxis, as it remains on the chilly side. Here we have an outfit inspiration modeled by Ade, that shows how to wear a winter wrap with your spring outfit. This mean you can still look chic enough for the sun, but not freeze your socks off :)
The wave breaks about ten feet in front of me, and I had about 10-12 feet, like ceiling high or more, of white wash coming toward me. I pushed down into the water super hard and tried to time it to avoid getting annihilated. I got bounced around pretty good, but somehow managed to hold onto my board.
“Shades of Ischandar!” Hermel swore to himself under his breath.
Pack 11:
And if they both wanted to or needed to go at the same time, and it was during the day when it was just me, what would I do? Have one in our ensuite and one in the main toilet?
I still tried to negotiate though. “Okay God, I will do it this year, but next year he will be all ready for Kindergarten, older, more mature“. Then I got a phone call out of the blue, a friend asking me out to lunch. The topic…home schooling. This is the friend who brought me to the Lord so I had to listen. She had no intention on it being the topic, as did I, but I started asking questions (because she home schools), and from there I knew for sure God had plans for me.
We rounded out the day with dinner at one of Zoë’s favorite restaurants, Red Robin. We love the Red Robin birthday club. She has gotten her free birthday meal there for the past few years. Alison, Alex, Joshie & Lizzie all joined us. Zoë & Lizzie discussed bras on the ride over. Yep, you read that right. My Aunt Brenda, who was already Zoë’s favorite Aunt, has pretty much got the “favorite Aunt” title for life. She gave Zoë 3 sets of matching bras and underwear. When Zoë asked me to get her a bra a while ago, I laughed at her. When she told me she had friends at summer camp with bras, I laughed even harder. Now, thanks to the world’s greatest Aunt, she has been wearing a teeny tiny bra every day. I can’t even think about it without rolling my eyes. To top off this ridiculousness, this miniscule bra has the nerve to have a hook in the back and straps that can be tightened. (There go my eyes rolling again.) Zoë has put a bra on under her clothes, each day, by herself. Yesterday, it was on upside down. It’s usually hanging up around her neck like some sort of bra necklace. She also informed me that 3 bras just weren’t enough, she needed more. I told her to take that up with her favorite Aunt.
i know... you are probably surprised to see me here. it's been a while. but before christmas arrives, i'll be back with a wallop of an update and a wish for a blessed holiday season. but for now, i just have some winter venting to do.
Ask a question
The scribes had the scriptures, but they did not have the experience. They had the knowledge about the Messiah, but no revelation of Him. They didn’t see the star and they had no desire to go see Him.
A few of my students looked up from their pieces and began to explain their role as a team of ejournalists at the event. But deadlines won out, the kids returned to their work and at midnight the hotel security ushered my kids into a private room 30 feet away.
This novel explores our world in the future where politics have tainted everything. Ethics of what should be allowable is a sub-plot that does not seem as far fetched as we may sometimes hope. The novel rotates between the first person perspective of the two main characters. There is elements of mystery, action, suspense, and even a little romance. Family relationships and connections in politics are explored from the point of view of a privileged member of society and that of someone on the outskirts. This is a very well written book.
At the tail end of “¡Viva La Gloria!” around 4:03, Billie Joe Armstrong announces to a Dallas crowd, “We are going to play a brand new song,” which the crowd rejoices to before Armstrong adds, “It ain’t that brand new.” The song transitions unnoticeably (from Dallas to Phoenix) with “Cigarettes and Valentines” officially beginning with Armstrong saying, “This song is called ‘Cigarettes and Valentines.’ Let’s Go!” Surprisingly, there is a good amount of fans who already know some of the lyrics and it makes you wonder what could have been?
6pm Silo Restaurant and Lounge with Hunter Beer Co. Head Brewer Keith Grice
Bright copper kettles and Whiskers on kittens …
Jim will discuss a Biblical examination of the Queen of Heaven’s messages in the End Times. Tens of millions visit apparition sites hoping to encounter Mary, the mother of Jesus. Many believe these increasing manifestations signal the advent of a new era on earth. Thousands of messages from the apparition of Mary indicate that we are entering a critical moment in world history – cataclysmic changes may soon occur. Those who follow the apparitions believe Mary has come to turn us back to God, while others insist that these events are either fabrications or the working of Satan. Messages From Heaven tests these messages in light of Scripture and seeks to answer the following questions: Why does the Queen of Heaven appeal to so many? What is her relation to the Roman Catholic Church? Are the Queen’s messages heaven-sent? Does the Word of God reveal the origin of these phenomena? Does the Bible anticipate apparitions, signs and wonders in the last days? How might the Mother of the Eucharist transform the world in the third millennium? Why does the Queen center all attention on the Eucharist? Jim Tetlow reviews volumes of apparitional messages searching for the common thread that ties all these events together. He presents a thorough and fair treatment of what may well be the most prolific series of supernatural events in history. Tetlow is also the producer of three documentaries, including the companion video Messages From Heaven.
But an enterprising Swedish schoolmistress thinks otherwise.
Set yourself clear targets. For example, complete the next two parts of your essay plan (see below), then take a five minute break.
An awesome read! I really, really enjoyed it!
Before we get to our new challenge, just a quick word about the RULES. Yes, I know *groan* rules. We have so many we have to follow in every day life, who wants them in our little haven of crafty bliss, right? Well, actually, we do. There aren't that many, but we kindly ask that you respect them. We want you to have fun and enjoy participating in our challenges, BUT those rules are there for a reason. If you don't read them (they are located in the side bar) or the challenge post and then your entry is removed because it does not meet the criteria set, please don't become upset with the design team. It is no reflection on you or your lovely work. It's just not fair to others participating who take the time to follow them.
I responded quite nervously because my son and daughter-in-law were out of town and I was stalling until they returned home, "Well, honey, the stork brought you."
My eyes widened, it’s a big ball room. I look around, suddenly the light turn off. It scare me. I heard a sound, a beautiful sound. ‘Piano? Who’s play it?’ I search the sound come from and some light make me see who’s the one play it and you know it’s Yoochun!
“It’s all relative.” Well, yes and no.
On the grill, I cook over coals and turn till they look done, usually about 20 minutes with a low heat.
Row 4: repeat row 3
and a board member of the Jesuits’ Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
New habits can also be created at governmental level. New policies have forced us to create habits; recycling laws mean we are expected to separate out our waste. It could be argued that recycling is now a habit due to repetition where as a number of years ago it was seen as a disruption.
To turn my back on you, oh Lord
Do you have a star that can travel far
When I woke up at 2:30am it was because of the cold. I felt really foolish because I had a sleeping bag in the jhola but I couldn’t use it because I was all sandy. I guess I could’ve used it, but I was afraid once in, I’d never be able to get the sand out of it again. So I tossed and turned a bit but when that didn’t help, the only thing to do was to move on. I cycled a few kilometers out of town and the pedaling warmed me up a bit. I came to a bridge and took a short nap on the pavement, holding onto the cycle again. The whole bridge would shake when a big truck passed over it and the sea below looked beautiful, a dark expanse only reflecting the distant streetlights. I must’ve slept there for about half an hour but it was still cold. And the most frustrating bit was that in a few hours it would be too hot to cycle! Such is nature and such the tolerance of man. I stopped one or two more times but figured it wasn’t worth it and that I’d best go on.
1) Leave a comment telling me what you like about my blog and/or what you'd like to see more of.
Friendly fire
Tim @ Fort Thompson is hosting yet another great, and super easy blog carnival! I am joining him this week by reposting this post from last April…
Here is the press release:
So long story short, she fell madly in love with an irresistibly adorable frog named V, and moved to the city of Love and Lights, hoping that after three long years of separation, her kisses would turn this frog into her prince.
ROYAL PAINS - A concierge doctor in the Hamptons always seems to solve the case. His whiny brother runs the business. His doctor girlfriend is supposed to be leaving to work overseas but never seems to get away. It's always summer. Hee Hee. This one is getting a bit stale. I hope the next season breathes some life into the series.
Okay, lets see, what OTHER piece of equipment did I NOT use? My silly TRIPOD, of course... Oh, I've got one, but I usually make it stay in the car. Lug that #$%@*! around for a while and the fun of photographing quickly fades. It's usually easy to find something suitable to brace the camera on.
Sea Shepherd Conservation Society claims the agency is looking at the wrong culprit. “Although sea lions do eat fish,” they said, “they only consume between 0.4% and 4.2% of the 80,000 to 300,000 salmon that spawn in the Columbia River each year.” Human fishing they added, accounts for 16% of the adult salmon from the river, while non-native sport-fishing species consume up to 3 million young salmon a year and birds eat up to 18 percent.
Both Cobb and Adams were convicted and sentenced to die. Records showed Cobb was on probation at the time for auto theft.
4. I have been reminded once again of how horribly dependent I am on caffeine to get me going in the morning. I had to have some blood work done this week which required fasting and let me tell you, I was one irritable, groggy mama the morning of my test! I have quit caffeine in the past - mostly just to prove to myself that I can, and after the initial withdrawal (headaches, irritability, fatigue), I definitely notice that I am more 'even' throughout the day, in mood and in energy. Guilty confession? Even knowing this, I am not currently interested in or motivated to give up my caffeinated beverages right now. I enjoy my strong black tea with milk throughout the day, and - with warmer days upon us, I am also beginning to make my own homemade, better-than-Starbucks cafe con leche's - AKA iced coffee with milk. Yes, I know that I can opt for the decaf option but honestly - if tea or coffee doesn't come with caffeine, I'd rather just drink water. In fact, I would classify water as my favorite drink - but tea and coffee are tied for a close second!
and then explained to her that I had just recently become enthralled with the whole concept.
Mesdan stops himself whirling around through sheer will alone, stops the witch response bursting from him, and pulls his calm together as only a shaman should. “Oh.”
Many neurons in AD brain have normal-looking cell bodies, but their neurites curl about in a random pattern, not making proper connections. Still other neurons have neurites that have become embedded in abnormal clumps of protein found outside the cells, instead of making normal connections with thier neighbors.
I accept full responsibility for my growth and expansion. It is my work to do. As I allow myself to increase, I am gifted with amazing results. I do not limit the subject matter. I am open to receiving all information. I am a master at discerning what is appropriate for me. All else is eliminated from my consciousness.
Level 17: Recovers 170 HP and 51 MP every 4 seconds.
Okay, now I'm starting to freak out. Can I hold this pace? I took a quick assessment. The twinge in my right arch when we started? Gone. The weird shin pain I somtimes get if I go out too fast? Absent. Breathing? Seems to be good. I'm a little thirsty but I don't usually drink at this point in a run so I'm going to skip the water station.
Using ink and a sponge shade the petals - this is where the photographs come in handy.
Now let's go forwards. 2031: The Kindle will be a museum piece. Yes, of course data can easily be converted to other formats. Just like it's easy now to convert your WordStar documents. Ahem. You have to keep converting at every point of change or it gets hard. Try using your Quark 1.0 files now. It's always possible to write a converter - but as rule, it gets harder to use old files as time passes.
Much, much earlier this month, the university took us to the South of France, across the barely noticeable border thanks to one of the miracles that the European Union has worked..crossing the border was less noticeable than crossing state lines in the US. We saw lots of things..well, ok maybe not that many. We went to a small town called Bayonne, which, our noble tour guide told us is possibly where the bayonnet comes from.
My favorite part of the night was the photo booth. Let me show you a few gems from the night.
we already knew several families on the street.
“Yup!”
Black Mountain vs Pink Mountaintops?
Picture #4 is the "Sakae Candle Sushi", a signature dish from Sakae Sushi which consists of avocado, Japanese cucumber, crabmeat, shrimp roe, cod fish and mayonnaise. It costs around RM 10.90 for two pieces!
carrion beasts
She was startled out of her revelry. As he moved forward and grabbed her arms,
I will admit it is very hard to wait on the Lord right now. We have some definite needs and I know He will provide as He always has. But I find myself wondering how can we do well what must be done at, what seems to me to be, the last minute. Ah, yes, God is once again working in the 11th hour and no doubt in a way much unlike what I have planned. And I need to trust that His will is best and His timing too! And I need to trust that He is at work in the hearts of those who are also expecting us to do our best and that they will be understanding of our current limitations.
To save Jonathan, Amalie agrees to travel with him back in time to the Caribbean of the 1800’s, when sugar reigned supreme and the slave trade was making fortunes for wealthy planters and ship owners. Her adventures there include a slave uprising, murder, deceit and an enduring love that crosses the boundaries of time.
04 Rapture
Introducing the World gives
Music by Stefan Schaper
Swim to Africa,
(6) For at no other time have the Egyptians ceased from their false worship save when the Lord of all, riding as on a cloud, came down here in the body and brought the error of idols to nothing and won over everybody to Himself and through Himself to the Father. He it is Who was crucified with the sun and moon as witnesses.
On the not so amusing side: we have discovered the Alvah Consciousness is still trying to emerge from inner earth, from Salinas and Monterey, California, to Northern Japan and Louisiana. Our fine feline friends continue to keep it underground. New enemies in the game, the Larhar people, attacked an Andromedan ship and caused much damage, more on that later. The USAF lost its battle with the Fourth Reich.
I have read many articles about philosophy but his works seems different. Before, I was indifferent to such philosophical writing. I always thought that was ‘High-Class’ S##t. Definitely, that was something more than normal men’s perceptions and reading between lines. His nihilist philosophy may looks like atheist and caustic but has point. Skepticism is important and so are believes. There should be line between these two. As quoted from ‘Prejudices of Philosophers’, “Every great philosophy up till now has consisted of- namely, the confession of its originator, and a species of involuntary and unconscious auto-biography”. I agree, in fact, my advance writing is inspired by this conscious philosophy. I find resemblance of such philosophy with music from Mozart or Pt. Bhimsen Joshi. Both were legends and pioneer in their area of expertise. When you listen to their music first time, you will not understand depth and hidden meaning. As soon as you will use to their pitch, you will find that music has some own philosophy. I think music and philosophy has parallel roots.
In the year or so since Mamata Banerjee has taken office her government has dealt in censorship, social and moral policing and random acts of legislation. She recently ordered all her party members to stop socialising with opposition members and in an expression of her horrible aesthetic sense has mandated that all public buildings in Kolkata be painted blue. Of more concern is her ‘suggestion’ that people watch entertainment channels on television rather than the news. She went a step further and proposed setting up a State newspaper and television channel which one party member described as being a ‘good idea to spread correct information’. This blatant distrust of the media only highlights her own insecurities regarding her rule in West Bengal. The latest controversy is her arrest of a college professor over a cartoon which portrayed her negatively. West Bengal clearly isn’t a ‘heaven of freedom’.
Bottom line? I enjoyed this. It asks some serious philosophical questions in the midst of everything and there are no easy answers. This is not just a crime novel or a psychological thriller. I like that. Ian Rankin chose to be a crime novelist because he realised that a detective was the perfect tool to prise open the lid of society. He’s a serious novelist masquerading as a crime fiction writer and I believe the same is true of Ruth Dugdall. The Sacrificial Man is also topical, Sir Terry Pratchett, for one, having raised the public’s awareness of the subject. The copy I was sent has four pages at the front praising Ruth’s writing but I’ll echo what Frances Day (an Amazon reviewer) had to say: both Ruth’s novels are a “refreshing change from the usual crime mystery, populated with real character you can believe in.” I would have no problems reading her next book but I would like to see something a little different next time. When William McIlvanney (another serious novelist) wrote his third and final Laidlaw novel rather than writing in the third person as he had done in his first two novels he wrote Strange Loyalties in the first person presenting a very different book. I would like to see Cate Austin come out of the shadows.
To serve as a protection
The “Illuminati” was formed in Bavaria, now a part of Germany, that same year.
10 Dead Giveaway 3:28
I think the process of making low relief tiles in volume from a mold would really be a great set of skills for an upper level high school art class...Basically, you make a sandwich of 3 (ish) layers of clay : cutting into the clay exposing the lower layers to create a relief design. Then you pour a plaster mold around it and pull the sandwich o'clay out reusing the mold for as many clay tiles as you care to pop out! I didn't exactly follow the format of the layers, instead I did more carving. Amy recommended the book Handmade Tiles by Frank Georgini for detailed information on the process.
To be continued.
It's about a eyeball and a princess. And the princess' name was my name. And I had a pet chameleon dressed as the eyeball. And then he loved to bounce around. And the princess didn't mind because she liked to bounce around too. And then -- this is the part when it gets really nice -- I need a bunny and a chameleon. Only the Bunny and the eyeball knew what was in store, except for the princess who was doing what she did the last day. And they just did reminded the princess that she did it the last day. ~Sienna
Probably not. What's driving the craft market today is, increasingly, what's always driven the beer market: volume. Blue Moon is over 3 million barrels (and apparently accelerating), and whether we (or the Brewers Association) call Blue Moon a craft beer or not is pretty much immaterial: that's how the people who are selling it and drinking it think of it, and that's how the people who sell it...sell it. Likewise, when Samuel Adams seasonals come out, and when the major regional brewers' seasonals come out, that's the bulge that moves the snake.
Of course this little Q&A sequence is overly simplistic.
"Walking a Literary Labyrinth: A Spirituality of Reading" by Nancy M. Malone
13. "Run Back to Your Side"
Richard Cadogan, poet and would-be bon-vivant travels from London on search of ‘an adventure’. That night he finds the body of an elderly woman in an Oxford toyshop, and is then hit on the head. When he comes to, he finds that the toyshop has disappeared and been replaced with a grocery store.
but they all remind you of the same girl
Some of the other duties of the County Treasurer are: Certification of warranty deeds, handles the complete program of dog licenses, is member of the County election Commission, which also includes the County Clerk and senior judge of Probate, prepares and mails tax delinquent notices in connection with public land auction, issues tax histories and searches as required by lending organizations, individuals, etc., makes distribution of delinquent taxes collected to the political units of each county.
Red chili powder 1 tsp
Reproductive Rights – The entire conversation around reproductive rights going on today absolutely disgust me. While we shouldn’t be telling anyone what to do with their bodies, there are boundaries and we as a society need to support families – Moms, Dads, and kids. Why can’t we respect each other and face the fact that not everyone can create a family easily?
Sinn Féin President Gerry Adams TD is in Ardee, Co Louth this evening speaking at a public meeting on the Austerity Treaty.
clockwise from top: kasha, sautéd beet greens, hijiki, raw beets and sprouts w/lemon and olive oil.
somebody please tell me
SMITH NM, SHAY DK. Influenza vaccination for elderly people and their care workers. Lancet 2006; 368: 1752-1753.
See that red blob on the map?
It doesn’t matter whether you are chasing children, scrubbing toilets, organizing paper clips, or wowing vast audiences with your unparalleled musical abilities. The Bible says that God is enthroned in the praises of His people. If your heart’s desire is to exalt Jesus through the things you do, you are worshiping Him.
When Princess Kathryn Kentyre is snatched from a life of captivity by the mysterious Black Robert of Craighdhu, she is torn between absolute terror and soaring hope. He had been chosen to protect her from the dangers surrounding her, yet the moment he swept her away she knew this rogue of a Scottish laird would prove a greater threat than any she faced from her enemies.
On this one I was a little bit right.
One morning a few months ago, my four-year-old greeted her Pre-K teacher with “It’s a miracle!”
So now as we know we are in the happening all that one need to do is just sits back relax and Enjoy the SHOW.
And so Legs & Co are in a mock ring in singlets and shorts - with their names on the right cheek! Surely meant for single use, those - with boxing gloves on. It's another Flick Colby literalism triumph. And it is a triumph, partly because it's not complex dresses and moving round in circles again, but because while no sparring move or comedy punched face - aye aye, Lulu - is left spare it's lovingly worked out. And let's face it, where thrown punches are involved the timing has to be pretty good. Eventually Lulu knocks everyone out in turn - Rosie sells it best, but Patti's side grin to camera immediately before being KO'd is a winner - then celebrates before turning to find Gill waiting with a decisive right 'ander. As everyone gets back up and boogies to an unsatisfactory general climax the camera shot pulling away reveals that of all the people gathered around Kid, young, old, male, female, the only one watching the routine is a bald middle aged man. Ah, walking cliche.
Do not drool over that shiny new refrigerator.
I jumped around the kitchen, cheering and hugging him, and apologizing for not noticing it the minute I walked into the house.
The Advocate General thus concludes that in the event of resale of a licence, the second acquirer cannot rely on exhaustion of the right to distribute the copy initially downloaded in order to reproduce the computer program by creating a new copy, even if the first acquirer has erased his copy or no longer uses it. This blogger would expect the Court to take much the same line.
1019*D-VI/10/1988. “Allan Bloom and Race Relations in the United States.” Institute of Human Values, Annual Meeting. Canadian Council of Learned Societies, Windsor, Ontario. (Incorporated in Item C–1989(2), above.)
Thor, the mightiest strike from his mew mew! It was funny when he is opposing Captain America, and also trying to stop Hulk going wild in the aircraft ship (he gain a fist bump at the end as a friendly reward from Hulk). Without his mew mew he is nothing at all, luckily Thor manage to show that he is useful, or else he will be just a joker in this movie.
Thanks to all for entering the blog giveaway! The winner of the giveaway is LilyW who wants to buy her soon-to-be-hubby an espresso machine! Lily, please email me your email.
6. Lentils Salad & Cream
Take care and thanks for reading.
Why is it that when it came time for the Kingdom of God to be announced throughout the ancient world, Jesus the Messiah and the Apostle Paul chose “children?” And why is that much of our youth ministry is centered around keeping our “kids” safe and making sure that they are thoroughly entertained and not bored?
or, why I still haven't published my book, and why I'm not on Facebook. And a bunch of other stuff.
Today, Fleetwood Mac with Mick Fleetwood, John McVie, Lindsey Buckingham, and Stevie Nicks are still together and just completed a very successful worldwide tour together.
I also got a Furreal white dog that is normally around $50, however Target had it on sale for $44. In their big Toy Coupon book they have a $10 coupon making it only $34. The last day you can use the coupons is Wednesday. That's the best deal I've seen for those; even considering Black Friday's deals coming up.
Get up! Get up, get out of bed,
From left to right: Concert Chic, Date Night Chic, and Casual Chic
If you were hiring a new bass player you might consider many factors: can he sing, does she know the style you play, does he have the look, do you all get along, can she both learn the material and contribute to it? Similarly, ask yourself after meeting with a producer: does he like my music, does she get my music? You want someone who is enthusiastic about your material and knows your genre. Does he offer criticism and is it constructive? You don’t want a wimp who won’t tell you honestly what is good and what isn’t. At the same time you need someone who is sensitive to your pride as a group and as a songwriter. Does his perspective seem helpful? After all, his suggestions must seem to you to be an improvement over the way things were.
Often, I will peruse forgotten entries revealing areas I’ve grown in or overcame granting me confidence for the next time I reach that impassable problem that is about to swallow me whole and … (I’d better stop there.) Some reflection is good…but assessing my state-of-mind before proceeding is essential. Reflecting when the glass is half-empty results in an over-evaluation of short comings leaving me feeling like I never arrive. “Never arrive?” Now, that’s a funny statement. The question that the moment begs is “arrive at what?” Even though the goal of self-betterment is a life-long journey, it has a funny way of laying out the expectation that I’m consistently moving toward a permanently better state than the less-than worth place I started. However, my experience is that growth does not always guarantee permanent change. Some, yes. All, no. Over the years I’ve aspired to improving many areas of my life. I can’t begin to count the number of goals set to arrive at permanent change only to end in discouragement when I discover the inability to maintain that change. Well, at least I am consistent about being inconsistent.
Jonathan Stein, J.W.
A federal appeals court ruled Friday that Texas cannot ban Planned Parenthood from receiving state funds, at least until a lower court has a chance to hear formal arguments. At issue is funding for a Texas program that provides basic health care and contraception to 130,000 poor women.
They were good enough to invite a few more interlopers along.
Last summer, during my interview with Hard Case Crime editor Charles Ardai, I asked him to identify his five favorite classic crime and mystery fiction covers. His final selection was the beguiling front (shown above) from the 1959 Crest paperback edition of William Campbell Gault’s Sweet Wild Wench, the fourth of Gault’s eight novels featuring Los Angeles private eye Joe Puma. That illustration of an indiscreetly inviting and underdressed blonde is credited to American artist Robert K. Abbett, who I’ve already written about twice before on this page (but whose work deserves many more showcasings). And it nicely represents the story inside, which has much to do with Puma’s reputation as a “dame chaser.”
Before seeing this film on Tuesday before Götterdämerung at the Metropolitan Opera House (more on that anon, naturally), I had not seen anything by the much-acclaimed Korean auteur Hong Sang-soo. (Non-cinephiles won't care about that, but hardcore cinephiles might.) What I can glean from this lovely if slightly confounding 80-minute feature is that Hong has a romantic streak to offset his introspective side, combined with a penchant for lightly handled narrative experimentation and behaviorally observant long takes. In the end, it doesn't really matter if what we're seeing in the main character's sabbatical from filmmaking is merely a few days in his life or, say, a year (Hong deliberately blurs chronology into despairing abstraction); it's this palpable sense of existential melancholy-shading-into-terror that comes across potently.
You growing up, completely terrifies me. What am I to do now? I never realized how much of myself I sacrificed until tonight. I don't even know what I want anymore. I know I should be glad that I can go shopping without dragging you through the store having a hysterics fit over a ninja turtle, I know I should be happy that if I am exhausted, I can just take a nap without having to also convince you that you are tired and to lay down with me, I can take calls without you screaming in the background, I can have a drink without you drinking out of it and getting chunks of food in it, and I can go to the bathroom without you pounding on the door, but for some insane reason..I don't care about any of that. I am going to be lonely. It's going to be so quiet. I am crying again.
So how many people died that day? (“The Levites did as Moses commanded, and that day about three thousand of the people died.” (Exodus 32:28))
Regnans grabbed Mellie’s hand with his rough, wooden one, and pulled her inside the opening. The tree closed itself abruptly and left them in total darkness.
While we're fascinated with that here, Kiwis in the last several weeks have been digging Twinings' latest creation, New Zealand Breakfast Tea. The new blend is the result of a contest in which New Zealanders were asked to create a blend that represented their taste. A fellow named Andrew Fenemor won, and his suggestion was fine-tuned by Twinings for this new offering. Doesn't appear, though, that it's made of tea grown in New Zealand.
A servant walked in quietly. “Ma’am, you should be getting ready,” she said anxiously.
Its a story that have a funny element….sad element n also happy element lo…I love how the story goes on…I love lee min jung act…haha, i’m the bias here…anyway…I LOVE it…
It is super scary just sending your m/s and your money off to a website, so feel free to get in touch with me first. Send me an email outlining what you want from the process and what your background is. I always try and tailor what I do to individual requirements, and this has resulted in many specialised services. I do marked-up mss, sample reports, summary observations on illustrations, and comparisons between versions of poems. This is one of the reasons for the "info" boxes on the website, where clients can tell me about the history and writing experience. I want to know about people before I engage in the process with them, as an editorial relationship is very intense (and rewarding!).
Have your NAG1 transmission shift how YOU want it to. With TranZformer, you get to modify shift firmness that fits your driving style.
Ink: Wisteria Wonder, Concord Crush
With the tragedy in Haiti, I feel like MANY overlooked the death of a LEGEND TEDDY PENDERGRASS, Now this song was done a ways back at Scram Jones crib and we had it in the vaults…but in the wake of the death of the Legend we decided to release it to the world in the Memory Of. And Scram Jones told me to tell yall “Dont think we jumping on the Teddy P Bandwagon we just find this the perfect time to send this out.
Working with a stand mixer, preferably fitted with the paddle attachment, or with a hand mixer in a large bowl, beat the butter and sugar together at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating for 1 minute after each addition. Beat in the vanilla and the almond extract, if you're using it. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture and the buttermilk alternately - add the flour in 3 additions and the buttermilk in 2 (begin and end with the dry ingredients). Mix only until the ingredients are incorporated and scrape down the bowl as needed. With a rubber spatula, stir in the pears and prunes. Scrape the batter into the pan and smooth the top with the spatula.
He said it was a shame that the situation got out of hand, considering there were proper channels for dialogue between Bersih, the opposition and the Election Commission (EC) which could have avoided any untoward incidents.
2) Some feel it gives that distinguish look for the ladies ;)
Finally I booked the eye appointment...... so last Thursday we went.
5. It has to have some meaning. I don’t want to just pick something because it sounds nice. This where I tend to get really deep into our heritage, what the name means, connections to favorite literature and music, etc. etc.
And it gets worse:
Later. After I've finished plugging away at making my evil plans a reality.
There is A LOT of hype surrounding this book Fifty Shades of Grey. The author, E L James, came in today but I couldn’t really get excited about meeting a real live author because I’ve never read her book. I have now got my paws on a copy with Arwen telling me it’s absolutely brilliant and pure filth. I feel this book will become a guilty pleasure. Can’t let my mum know I’m reading that heavily features BDSM…
So I'm thinking of breaking a hole in the wall
I ask my usual questions: Is she getting out? No, the world is such a mess. Is she watching too much TV? Yes, but not those reality shows because they don't deal in reality. And what of her daughter, Mimi?
I often tell Adam that I currently face a constant battle of living for the future. My mind is fluttered daily with the thought that "it will be easier when...".
You now have taken the “vitals” of the vehicle in the service lane!
And waiting for the next rush
I know it has been months since I have updated my blog here. But really I have been adjusting to life as a new mother of 4. Now that baby boy is almost 6 months now I feel like I am back in the swing of things. He is a very good baby its just that I have had a harder time getting my routine back then I have with previous births. His temperment has help the adjustment though. I can say he is more of an arm baby than the others were. But you know what I notice is that he seems to be more secure than the others as well. I really wonder if wearing him and holding him and not letting him cry it out has anything to do with it. lol!
But, there are a few very accurate parodies in the script - the catching of the murderer in particular. The way the Doctor names suspects, puts forward a theory or a possible motive and then discounts them (with Donna's brilliant comedic reactions) is straight out of every Poirot story. One of the quietest characters in the story turns out to be the murderer - again a recurring theme in Christie's works. That's why its at once so hard and - with experience of the novels - so easy to work out who the murderer is - there's not much to go on in terms of evidence, and the Doctor doesn't reveal anything particularly in naming the killer insect, so if you don't know Christie, you won't know.
(i have no picture to represent that, by the way....)
“Come on dear. I think the way’s clear now; we better go. Oh wait…Just a second.”
the atmosphere was buzzing...
And finally the Paradox Smokehead. Just as well we left this till last (well, good judgement I'd say), as it's a powerhouse of peated malts. Turf is prominent, and an iodine-like seaside taste on a strong caramel body. The roasted malts feel more prominent on this, and the heavy flavours made it a great nightcap sipper. Well, that and the Redbreast 12 Year that followed it.
I know there are some,
Of course, I'll still blog when I can and let you all know about my amazing prison adventures. And one of you will need to feed the Octorillas while I'm gone. Or maybe Goripii, I haven't decided yet.
Here’s the thing. People used to make money from readers. Increasingly, though, people make money from writers. Creative writing courses, literary consultancies, manuscript editing firms, all these things basically sell the dream of publication to unpublished writers. Many novelists who can’t support themselves through their own published fiction will make a literary living by selling the idea of getting published to less successful writers. The usefulness of all this is disputed. Claire again: ‘I don’t know a single agent who would advise people to pay a consultancy to work on their synopsis and/or pitch. What counts is The Writing, The Writing, The Writing!’
"A police constable was arrested at about 4pm after an unknown person was fatally shot when his rifle went off near a train station in Cleveland," Ndou said.
I think that when most teens see a successful adult, they often think see the end result with no idea about what journey the adult may have taken to get there. That perspective is understandable; after all, so many of us simply take things as they are with little thought to how they became that way. But even the most "successful" adults have not lived a land of milk of honey. Even the adults who have had every conceivable advantage have had miserable periods in their lives, times of self doubt and worry and confusion about how they fit into the lives of other people of the universe as a whole. I know I did.
1 oz. of giant octopus ink
Some take that to mean I don’t like romance, and for a lot of years I believed that also. But as my partner Denise asserts, there is a difference in “romance” and “romantic”; and I rarely like a novel that doesn’t have some romantic element to it (as in, a well developed love interest). Perhaps you’ll stop by sometimes and write for us to one of our fort-nightly prompts.
For the gun-blog owners and writers, I'd like to offer you a free look at the book. I'll give my e-mail address here, and if you're interested, I'll e-mail you the book in your choice of e-pub format (most readers), Mobi (Kindle) or a PDF (computer screen viewing).
One of the guys on our church softball team had invited me to a lift-a-thon at the Work Out Center, a fitness establishment in Columbiana, OH. It was a fund-raiser for a young woman named Chelsi Figley, whom I hadn’t met. She was born with Spina Bifida and has never had the use of her legs. So she uses her arms – and she uses them a lot. The event at the Work Out Center was to raise money for Chelsi to attend the 2010 International Paralympic Committee (IPC) Powerlifting World Championship in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The Calling by Kelley Armstrong
As a matter of fact, I think it is time to look at the leadership/structure of USATF in total, because looking at the breath of the job description that has been developed for the CEO position, it really is too much for one person to accomplish. When you look at all that needs to be done, however, everything outlined in the job description needs to be accomplished, and more if we’re truly talking about BUILDING the sport in this country. That’s why I’ve come to the conclusion that now might be the perfect time to restructure USATF – because it’s really the job for a TEAM of individuals as opposed to a single individual.
Oh boy,
First, my next book Another Life will still be published as planned in September, and the new covers for When I Was Joe and Almost True will also go ahead. Frances Lincoln will continue to sell and market my books, including Lia's Guide to Winning the Lottery. I am relieved that this is the case, and happy that there will still be a dedicated sales and marketing team to work with.
Adolescents 7 Seconds NO USE FOR A NAME GOOD RIDDANCE Municipal Waste THE Dwarves THE DICKIES CHUCK RAGAN
So we’ve examined our maps and satellite photos and decided what our AO is going to be. This is a satellite view of the area I used to live in. Take a look at it and then reference the legend below it to see what we came up with.
The logic and language of these hymns is so familiar that we rarely stop to question whether it is correct. So, let us, on this resurrection morning, dare to consider whether reveling and rejoicing in Jesus’ death (apart from any explicit connection to Jesus’ resurrection) is really gospel?
and yet, they see me stopping here
Big Wave Riders – It’s Funny How Things Aren’t Gonna Change
So we went to Paris. (To be continued......)
About the Pizza Dough: If you have never made homemade pizza, try it. It tastes better, and is a great group cooking activity. This is perfect recipe for a date, with friends, or teaching you child about cooking. The dough recipe is BW’s own recipe, which I wrote down ten years ago. There are variations on the web, but I find this to be a good solid dough recipe. If you like making pizza, I highly recommend a pizza stone. I am not a gadget freak, but many consider this essential for making a good pizza. In fact, when I left for grad school, my parents gave me one so I could fill the void of pizza nights with BW. You can use an aluminum baking sheet on your first try.
Tests
Green chillies – 2
Mark 8:31
So, I decided to try to develop some lessons on germs, with the goal of communicating the importance of NOT SPREADING THEM clearly to the children, in a way that they could really understand.
If the cars show the speed expressed in MB/s we don't need any calculation. However we have to pay attention to this datas, the reported are the maximum speeds that are declared by the manufacturer and verified in a not so impartial way. Often on the package or on the card the manufacturer, to avoid customer's complaints, place an "up to" before the speed, ore you can even notice the presence of an asterisk that point that the expressed speed is the maximum.
Savage is the founder of the “It Gets Better” anti-bullying program. He’s been a guest at the White House, and President Obama even recorded a video segment for the anti-bullying campaign.
1 pound unsalted butter
SMALL STRAWS IN A SOFT WIND by Marsha Burns — 10/3/11:
As I have not ventured far this week, I am going to ask Mark to put on his Elf suit and pick a few random candy winners from the last post, that way we don't have to ask for addresses as he has them at Funkykits and we will wait and see who gets a surprise under their tree this week :)
The fluid may or may not have anything to do with the PET. The PET happens because my eustachian tube doesn't stay closed the way it should. The fluid has me slightly deafer in my right ear.
“Well, it is actually a secret that we cats can talk. But when I saw that bottle, I just had to say something.”
He could not figure out the source of the problem, and he was about to call me on my cell phone to ask me if I knew what could have happened, when he noticed that the freezer wasn't turned on.
So here's what you need: something rusty, some vinegar and your fabric. I used my neighbor's old cast iron skillet and scrunched the fabric inside the pan. I poured vinegar over it and let it sit in the sun for the afternoon and voila!
how do y'all handle these things?
This gorgeous set isn't available anymore, but one lucky reader will win it for themselves! All you have to do is register for Jada's Jewels and leave a comment telling me that you've done so. As usual, easy rules :) Oh, and you can get extra entries for following Employed Panache via GFC or Bloglovin', Twitter, or Facebook - again, just leave a comment for each of these. This giveaway will be open until 11:59pm EST on Wednesday October 19th. I'll pick a winner at random on Thursday October 20th!
“The Scriptological Review: A Last Letter from the Editor.” Scriptological Review editor Vijay studies his father’s handwriting trying to understand his death.
But, amazing for my track record, I tried two new recipes in the past week.
4) There are a lot of manipulative movies, none quite as overtly so.
Inspector General, U.S. Navy (‘97-‘00)
When hype trumps substance
especially women and gay men...
(A reader just complained about this post being mean – I dug it up and think it’s still funny so here it is again – sorry, reader)
Let priests in all their person stay at the level of their lofty functions, let every man find them simple and great, like the Holy Eucharist, accessible to all yet above the rest of men. O my God, grant them to carry with them from the Mass of today, a thirst for the Mass of tomorrow, and grant them, ladened themselves with gifts, to share these abundantly with their fellow men. Amen.
Yo. Yo. Yo. I should be working on a computer science program but this is better than doing that.
I never liked Paranormal Activity. It sold itself to me as the scariest movie ever ever EVER and then was decidedly lacking. I wasn’t scared, I was annoyed, partly I was annoyed for not being scared, but mainly I was annoyed because even I, and I’m quite frankly lovely, like Anne Diamond, not only didn’t care if hideous things happened to the ghastly lead characters, but was actually actively encouraging of horrible things happening to them. My husband on the other hand was scared. While I was feeling downright let down by the whole cinematic event he was balancing on a razor edge of fear. Even early in the film, as Katie and the bafflingly named Micah are barely even entertaining the possibility that their home has a demonic squatter, my husband was already braced to the point of pulling several muscles for the night vision terrors that lay ahead. Paranormal Activity clearly plays on our most basic fears, the childlike certainty that monsters lurk in the shadows of our rooms and that every nocturnal sound is something evil closing in on us. I myself am a big fan of sleeping so even I can understand the unsettling building dread of having the sanctity of your sleepy time bower destroyed. My husband, on the other hand, finds the whole thing to be an exercise primordial terror; the expectation, the jump scares, the sinister sounds, demons, just generally, and thee eternal standing and staring. The last one there may be a little bit my fault, I do have a tendency for apparently creepy eyes open sleeping and sometimes, more alarmingly, singing - this has probably damaged him immeasurably.
I hate when he does that passive-aggressive thing. Why didn’t he just ask if I had any plans? *sigh*
But God wasn’t done with Bathsheba. She bore Solomon, whom David chose to succeed him. And Solomon went on to build the temple, fulfilling a promise God had given to David. In Proverbs, we see Bathsheba again, advising Solomon on the qualities of a virtuous wife. (She even advises him, speaking out of her own experience: “Don't waste your life chasing after women! This has ruined many kings.”)
The balloon had more patches on it than his grandmother’s quilt. The pilot climbed into the basket with his bag, checked the air-burner frames, and told the guard to cut him loose.
If I'm to be totally honest though....there have been moments....overwhelming moments when there just seemed so much to do...
There is little to no accountability for success for any of these programs and so it seems we need yet another program for our failed population of students, All City High.
Based on the above CO2 per dollar value, the Walking Man I has a carbon (CO2) footprint of 75,920 tons, or more than 883 times the weight of the biggest Moai discovered on Easter Island (it weighs 86 metric tons. FEWW.)
We are cutting it close on time, but we may just make it. We realize we haven't come to one of the exits after a period of time. We should be near the school by now. We see a sign that confuses us. Seventy-four miles to our destination. How can that be? I call the school. Ugh. When I looked up the school online last night, I SWEAR it said the school was in Marion. I swear. I cannot find those websites now for proof, of course. Last night when I googled, I could not find a website for the school, just some independent sites with generic information. Okay, I thought. It's a private Catholic school. Maybe they don't have their own website. So I call the school for better directions. The school is not in Marion, it's in Marion COUNTY!!! !@#$%^&*(
19. People elope to Gretna Green to get married because of a loophole in The Acts of Union.
So if you happen to hear some kids laughing like it seems there’s no more tomorrow, do not hesitate to hear them out a second time. Perhaps you might even care to join in and eventually found out why.
here I am at my penultimate Nature notes post. If you are not familiar with these there's an explanation when I started these posts back in January HERE .
PS- a FB commenter from NZ pointed out that many Etsy sellers don't ship internationally, so any global resources would be very much appreciated too.
Source: Microsoft
My 8th grade students just completed wonderful functional works of art. They made slab mugs with coil handles first. They perfected the shape and handle and then attached facial features. We had oodles of fun making different facial expressions.
As well to ask whether Dora could be woken without alarming the Axtli. Rel knew the set of his Four Knot's features all too well; Dora was a punctual waker by force of routine only, and slept like a stone. Since leaving Nursim, if anything, she'd been worse. Getting her up quietly would be a challenge, but promised at least a little revenge for any number of times she'd kicked him awake back home when she'd needed him. He said, "Hold her tightly, cover her mouth. It's the only way we'll keep her quiet."
Found this one random photo R took of me in Hunter Valley.
a jade moon in the space between stars
JORN
Insp Spurgeon said the scale of the operation meant innocent members of the community experiencing some disruption.
Sounds like a great pick. But there is one problem. Capello is an Italian, and he is not one of those Europeans who can juggle several languages as skillful as David Beckham does with soccer ball. Will it be a problem? According to another famed coach in the similar situation, it may well be. Rafael Benítez, the Spaniard and head coach of Liverpool, offers this advice to Capello:
HIRE A DESIGNER OR DO IT YOURSELF?
In the first section of Otaku, Azuma explains his model. In the second section, he provides examples of how it works. During these two sections, Azuma’s writing is clear and easy to understand. The third and final section of the book, however, is a bit of a mess. In this section, Azuma gets really excited about the internet in a manner that now seems somewhat naïve; but, in Azuma’s defense, he was writing more than ten years ago. Despite the dated feel of this last section, however, Azuma’s ideas are accessible and make a great deal of sense, even to a reader with no prior experience in postmodern philosophy.
A fireball is a meteor that is larger than normal. Most meteors are only the size of tiny pebbles. A meteor the size of a softball can produce light equivalent to the full moon for a short instant. The reason for this is the extreme velocity at which these objects strike the atmosphere. Even the slowest meteors are still traveling at 10 miles per SECOND, which is much faster than a speeding bullet. Fireballs occur every day over all parts of the Earth. It is rare though for an individual to see more than one or two per lifetime as they can also occur during the day (when the blinding sun can obscure them), or on a cloudy night, or over the ocean where there is no one to witness them. Observing during one of the major annual meteor showers can increase your chance of seeing another bright meteor.
Sanjaya said,
Things get more complicated when Austin’s adoptive mom, Georgia, reenters the picture. She essentially abandoned Austin years before, and is now looking to repair their broken relationship. Mike and Josie join together in helping Austin deal with his conflicted feelings about Georgia.
If it needs to be amputated, I'll let you know. The more cynical of you may realise that as the finger's not even swollen, and the nail's only got a little bit of darkness behind it, that I'll live, and won't need crisply starched nurses to murmur comforting words.... Sigh.
* Loving to talk...talk...talk
“Do you understand now?”
Step 8: Apply lip colour
And this poor exhausted chica needs her sleep. So that’s not happening.
One local gardening expert was on the news saying anyone could grow their own vegetables with an investment of $30 or less. I think the money estimate may be kind of low.
gone. I had to cook for my
Aint Etienne
May you find joy as you share memories with others. ~Judy
Obtain a good feminine website columnist, I am just doing my own development to learn of utmost quite popular purses for girls that will create other companies kind comments.
You've got blood, baby friend of mine,
I love late summer/early fall for work. I have put intention into this time as a practice, a discipline to bring myself back to over and over. The work has places to go and people to see it.
So I was full of trouble, full as I could be; and didn't know what to do. At last I had an idea; and I says, I'll go and write the letter - and then see if I can pray. Why, it was astonishing, the way I felt as light as a feather right straight off, and my troubles all gone. So I got a piece of paper and a pencil, all glad and excited, and set down and wrote:
TEAM ASSIGNMENTS:
the New 456 Restaurant.
Overall it was a very organic experience for me. It wasn’t an overnight thing; it was the type of thing that really grew over time. When I was a teenager I started listening to Bob Marley and reggae music, and I really felt all the references to Judaism in there to the Old Testament in the lyrics of those songs. And the spirituality there. A lot of it is influenced and borrowed from Judaism and the Torah. So that was one of the initial draws to me: to explore Judaism on a deeper level. That’s one thing.
That we're slowly drifting apart
“Apart from government efforts, it is also the responsibility of the dwellers of Peshawar to preserve their cultural heritage, identity and legacy for future generations,” remarked Ali Jan. – APP Feature Service
From left to right, the symbols I decided on are "mountain trail"," river", and "good life"...yeah, that sums up my love for the mountains, hiking, and rock hunting...great memories! So I drew these symbols on my silver discs. But first to prepare the discs - I used steel wool (000 or was it 0000...just use the all 0...ha!) to remove any possible coating on the discs and washed them with soap and water. Use a permanent paint marker to draw your desired design and let it dry.
Earth Day 2009, Dr. Wangari Maathai, Global Ambassador for the Shaklee A Million Trees, A Million Dreams campaign, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and CEO Roger Barnett plant the 1 millionth tree at the Shaklee World Headquarters in Pleasanton, California.
VERY MUCH IN FORCE and will be until the Second Coming when the FULNESS of the
Paul is out of town for the week. wah.
As my stories grew longer and explored the angst and pain of growing up, I realized I didn’t want to keep my stories to myself any longer. I thought of all the libraries and classrooms filled with nerds like me. The time had come to pay forward all that I’d been given. (A tiny something--just a few drops in a rich ocean.) I felt pretty confident the world hadn’t run out of kids who needed a safe place to explore their questions and pain, or even to escape from them. I began putting my stories out there because I had something I wanted to give back to the ‘tweens and teens that were now what I had been once.
Anyhow, I'm trying to read twice as many books from my own shelves as I read from the library, so there's only one adult book from the library this week (I'm not counting children's books in this reading challenge). Since this book by S. J. Watson wasn't originally on my list for the 2012 Spring Reading Thing, that means I'll have to read a couple of extra books to "make up" for checking out this one. But it was worth it. As you can see, I've already finished the book and rated it 9 of 10 because it's an excellent book.
I sponged the pool of blood with Eyeko Saucy. After that I drew a shark fin with a striper brush and used Orly Mirror Mirror. I shaded the fin with a mix of Ciaté Vintage and H&M Love at First Sight.
Neuro inflammation can be evidenced in ME patients by highly elevated: MIP-1a, MIP-1b (glial cell activation), MCP1 and associated abnormal VEGF, TGF-b1, IP-10, INF-a - all indicative of neuro immune disease and CRITICALLY........known to be caused in animals with MULV retrovirus infection.
However, there is a clear distinction between sexual orientation and sexual relationships.
Leila was on it like white on rice, and I do believe it was about 8 seconds later she had already published the blog post :)
The next day I’m out on the grass and Amanda’s there, reading Batman. I walk up to her and being aware of how rude it was to interrupt someone when they’re reading, I just sat down in front of her until she put the comic down.
yes, you read that correctly. $3. that is all i spent on this redo. i re-used everything i already had. yep, i'm green like that. oh yeah, and on a tight budget. like no budget. i will not even show you what this little room looked like this morning. you might not want to be my friend, it was that bad. picture this: shoes(many), muddy baseball stuff, tupperware(no idea), dirt, lots and lots of dirt, dog dishes,dog food container, random jackets and mittens. everything ends up in this tiny dump all space. this is our main entry as a family. all guests use the front door with the nice entry so we can fool you that we are clean and organized. :) but our family got the crap spot. this mudroom is in our basement so to me it always feels icky and dark. i needed to brighten it up and make it happy, like the rest of our home. ready?......
ii)Engineer by profession, something never wanted to be.
At this point, she had abandoned the shoes she came for, and had selected 3 other pairs of sandals. They weren't cheap sandals, either. She asked me if I had brought my coupon and I said no, but I was planning to use it myself anyway.
Whether or not what they made was better, it turned out that newly industrialised countries could do what Stoke did cheaper, and that’s what counted. One of the big firms from bygone days, Wedgwood, is still there, but only in name. The real production takes place in Southeast Asia. Now there isn’t much work to be had, and the few bottle kilns still visible on the skyline are a sad reminder of better times.
4. Bouquet Preserver: Bacteria growth can make a pretty bouquet fade fast. To prevent this, add a few drops of vodka to every time you change the water. The flowers will stay lovelier longer.
He's so charming, sweet, and obviously intelligent that the teacher and I are at a loss. We'll just keep doubling up with intensive reading and writing work at home and at school and hope that it sinks in. Maybe he just needs time and attention, like his sister. If he does need some outside help, we'll find it for him. Anyone out there reading this, does what he's experiencing sound normal? common? treatable with therapy?
to play babies, to play princess castle, to play dress-up.
Overall, I enjoyed this as a historical little stop for a tipple. Matt felt like the drinks at 12 Euros were a little higher than he would have expected walking into such a quiet and unassuming place. However, considering its long standing history and decent preparation, I believe they're on the mark. I've been on the hunt for places in this area, so if I were going out to dinner in the neighborhood, I'd gladly stop at the Rosebud again for a pre-dinner cocktail.
Still, they were apparently very happy. They had four children – the eldest lived until 1990. Ferdinand was fairly liberal for an Austrian blueblood and believed that the various ethnic groups of the empire should have more autonomy and a chance to complain about things, and he believed in being very tactful with Serbia.
-2 celery stalks
-LGM, the Cool Childfree Guy
In the end I opted for the spiral sentiment just saying 'Let It Snow' echoed by the 'snowball juggling act' and the swirls elsewhere :)
Stickers: Super Sticker Nestables and Flocked Sticker Nestables
We have a 7 month baby girl. I was very determined to breast feed her, but it was not an easy road. We had problem after problem.* Just when things were starting to get a little bit more tolerable, white patches appeared in baby girl's mouth. It was the dreaded thrush! (For the uninitiated, it is a yeast overgrowth in the baby's mouth and it is passed between baby and the nursing mother.) We first tried some home remedies, but they didn't work, so we went to the pediatrician and started our first round of Nystatin. I cut out sugar and most starchy foods, took probiotics and ate fermented food. The thrush seemed to clear up, but as soon as we stopped the medicine it came right back. After our third round of medicine, I promised myself we weren't going to use the medicine again. There had to be another way...
After a delay and a seat buddy who reaked of vodka and was doing who knows what with his hands under the seat tray, I ran into the arms of Miss Kelly as soon as my flight landed in Washington DC on Friday afternoon. We were the last to arrive to the party going on at Kacy’s pad, but it didn’t take long until we sat down for dinner and endless bottles of vino.
It has been very busy here at the homestead. Lots of planting, lots of building, lots of frolicing & lots of falling asleep upon blankets in the grass because I am one tired Peach!!:)
They set up home at a farm called Esgair Llaethdy (this translates to Dairy Ridge) and for a time were very happy. They were invited to a Christening, but the wife was reluctant to go as she felt the journey was too far for her to walk. He encouraged her to catch up a horse from the field to ride, and she said she would if he got her gloves from the house. On his return she still had not moved to fetch the horse, and in jest he lightly tapped her shoulder with the gloves, saying "Go, go!" And so the first blow was struck.
Today's freebie
1 forth
How can ANYONE justify paying £2.59 Million for a term in office to such a useless and dishonest article.
Let me explain that her pronouncing "Jingle Bells" as "Bangle Jells" doesn't make her dead. I have not lost her. She is a beautiful little girl that wants to sing Bangle Jells and Jesus Loves Me. She likes babies and birdies and shrimp and bacon. Not a day goes by that she doesn't tell me I'm beautiful, thank me for all that I do for her, and tell me that she loves me so much.
The sun is sweet
This is a spoiler review of "Oregon", episode five of Awake, a TV series about a police detective, Michael Britten, who loses a family member in a car crash. Britten responds by creating a dream world in which a different family member died in the crash, a dream world so real that he can't tell it from the real world, and is in fact determined to act as though both worlds are real. As I've noted before, while in reality (the Red World) Detective Britten's son Rex died in the crash, Britten has created a dream world (the Green World) where Rex survived and it was his wife Hannah who died in the crash.
And the man who plays the guitar for life
Me (while driving): "No! Don't do that! She will freak out!"
Heat ghee in a deep frying pan.Cut the bread slices as per the shape.Deep fry the slices in ghee till golden brown in colour and drain on a paper napkin.In the left over ghee ,fry all the nuts and keep aside .
Knowing my hectic schedule, and lack of writing time yesterday, I determined that I would stay up late last night to write. Good choice on my part? Eh…depends on which view point you look from.
My true, eternal good.
But first some administrative stuff for the would-be sightseer to Machu Picchu. The closest city to the ruins is the village of Machu Picchu. As this similarity of monikers tends to confuse some people, this little hamlet goes by another name: Aguas Calientes. This is where you must go to board the bus that will take you to the Lost City of the Incas.
I am looking forward to having time just with Mel. We haven't been alone together in 10 years. It will be nice to take walks and talk without constant interuptions.
Please link your card or project (not your blog) in Mr Linky and have your project by 8pm UK time Sunday 25th July. The winner will be chosen by Random Generator after the challenge has closed.
This recording was my introduction to Pandelis Karayorgis. I heard him at that point in my listening career when I needed an antidote to the ostentatious romanticism of Keith Jarrett and percussive aggressiveness of Cecil Taylor. Karayorgis was somewhere in between. His piano sounded cerebral without sounding coldly abstract. I went on to hear as much of his playing as I could find...
This week we want to see lots of Orange and Black on your work please. The only stipulation the challenge has is no back linking to work already posted - only new work to be linked please.
Then walked right down those steps and handed it to Gabe, without a second thought.
They were impressed with the results, though. Next up, they tested Yamazaki’s syrupy blood flow against those of three other unhealthy entertainers (a smoker, a frequent sake drinker, and a morbidly obese fellow) to see who had the worst. I’m not entirely sure about what exactly they were measuring in the examination, but it was an unexpectedly interesting race.
1/2 tsp. sesame oil
Here I made three (graduated in size) butterflies. Two are out of plain craft paper and one was cut from the DCWV PLAYTIME stack which I LOVE.
The Tibetan Book of the Dead ...there is in fact no single Tibetan title corresponding to the Tibetan Book of the Dead. The overall name given to the whole cycle is Profound Dharma of Self-Liberation through the Intention of the Peaceful and Wrathful Ones or as Karma Lingpa's Peaceful and Wrathful Ones.
I have in my heart the worry in your eyes when I was a teen and came home later than expected.
Keith 's story "Childhood" is quite poignant. I feel it is worthy of the Pushcart Prize. Over the years, my magazine, Struggle, has published a number of Keith's stories, and in my opinion all or nearly all of them are worthy of the highest consideration. Frankly, I think he is building a major body of work, that he is a realist writer at the highest level. Keith seems capable of identifying with and expressing the inner feelngs and also the social life of a vast array of people. One might call him a chronicler, if he were simply describing existing people, but all these are people that he has conjured up in his imagination, yet that imagination is so fertile, and his observational eye so accurate, that you encounter his stories as if they were non-fiction accounts. And they are shaped to move the emotions and raise one's knowledge, so they are not dry lists of facts. I hold his work in very high regard and wish him good luck in getting some well-deserved recogniton.
Simply hit me up with a comment and if you wouldn't mind comment to Cool Daddy-O Gordon @ Friday Shoot-Outs From Florida or the lovely GingerV @ flowers and more and they will gladly add you to our growing list. They are too sweet for keeping a running list for us.
4. If you could visit anywhere in the world right now, where would you go?
I went from 100+ posts down to a mere 30-some in the transfer. I wanted a fresh start so I only brought over my favorite or most popular recipes. Unfortunately, all of your comments did not make it over, so if there’s an old recipe you go back to and have a question, feel free to ask again. Some of the posts still have their photos, some do not. My photography is just horrible, so bare with it and when I make the recipe again (since I’m sure to in the next year), I’ll post hopefully a newer and better one to fill in the gaps. As for the other content – life updates, trips (or more importantly, the food I eat on trips), link roundups, decorating ideas, cooking tips – all of that will make a reappearance over time. But you can always get some of that by following me on Pinterest, too.
2 Sprigs of Fresh Rosemary
While college enrollment has increased (and a bachelor’s degree becomes more of a necessity than an advantage) a new book raises concerns about the rigor on college campuses today. Academically Adrift follows 2,300 students at 24 different schools during their four year experience at a college or university. The study shows nearly a third of students had no improvement in their critical thinking skills. Proportionally to that, a little over a third reported to studying less than five hours per week.
Alcide was barely in this week’s episode. His storyline was more of an introduction to what we can expect to happen in coming weeks. Marcus Bozeman, the packmaster of Shreveport, went to Alcide’s house to express his anger over the fact that he hasn’t registered with the pack. Alcide said he prefers to be a free agent and when Marcus refused to leave, Alcide made it very clear that he couldn’t intimidate him. I guess we’ll see more on that soon enough.
10:45 – 11:30 a.m.
I always thought it was one of those towns where they'd ripped out the heart and replaced it with identikit shopping centres, but apart from the market you do notice that a lot of the old-fashioned mock Tudor buildings and fancy brickwork remain, above ground level at least (see picture).
I'm pretty happy with mine, and I don't like wearing a foundation, but I always moisturize my skin in the morning, and sometimes I use a foundation from NYC (a really good one in my opinion, which isn't heavy at all) just to even out my skin. So I thought that it was a good idea to try one product that has two in it. Now I'm very curious to try it, hoping that the colour of the creme goes well with my skin (there are just two colourations: a medium-light and a medium-dark).
“Maybe the Dingo ate your baby”
Is it just me, or is salted caramel the new chipotle mayo? Although I would like to think I stay away from food fads, this Raw Salted Caramel Apple Dip would qualify as trendy. After seeing recipes pop up on so many food blogs, and restaurants featuring salted caramel in all kinds of desserts, I suppose I have been slowly brainwashed into believing this sauce is more than just a condiment, but a totally obsession-worthy miracle food.
Also, in Adult Bible Class, one of our congregation (a Podiatrist) taught the Class--we totally enjoyed it! Very practical stuff. His son is the Youth Pastor in another Church in our area.
Hope you all have had a great week.
so strong is his love to those who fear him.
I only have a handful of projects left to show you before revealing the full room...including one for the light that I've yet to attempt. Are you still with me??? Did you almost die waiting for this window reveal?!?
your will to move,
What do I supposed to expect when you guys come back “Home” to the series against the New York Mets? Are you going to forget to pitch with location? Are you going to miss the West Coast and stop hitting home runs for many games down the road because your mom, aunt or cousin is not looking from the stands? Is that what is going on with Heath Bell? Is he missing his family so bad that he has created a complete chaos all over the team? Remember we had to bring players from the minors and send players back to accommodate forBell’s mishaps? Remember Cishek having to come to the rescue and playing and performing like a gold glove veteran? Thank God for that by the way.
So anyway theres my spill!!!
Adepero Oduye in Pariah. You’d never guess that Oduye is actually 33 years old, because in every way she inhabits the awkward, embarrassed, itchy skin of a 17-year-old in this beautiful film. My only complaint about this film was its title, as it’s a weirdly hysterical and misleading concept for this subtle film. Alike, or Lee as she prefers (Oduye) isn’t a pariah at all — she actually has a surprising degree of interior strength as well as outside support. She’s an A student with an unholy gift for poetry and has a growing group of gay friends who, like she, identify as masculine. So even though she has to hide her butch clothes from her mother (Kim Wayans), she has already gone far toward exploring and appearing as mannish and openly lesbian.
We do not have to visit a madhouse to find disordered minds; our planet is the mental institution of the universe. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Besides there is always somebody on the bus, who wants to argue just with anybody! Mostly those are Greek older men (sometimes with the bag on the wheels), desperately looking for someone to accidentally kick it, so they can start cursing them and involve half of the bus in the argument.
MacLean Center, 112 S Michigan
Since then have been doing great in my training......got up to 9 miles in my long run last weekend. I did my 1 minute run - 1 minute walk intervals for 8 miles then walked the last mile as a cool down. Problem is in mile 5, I kind of twisted my ankle. No immediate pain and I didn't fall down, but yesterday my knee was bothering me.
Ok you want to know about me? Well I am a little older than my Vampire self which you first meet when she is 16, and I am in my 20s.
And everyone...
"Why don't you see if there's a recipe online and just make some?"
Isaiah 42:7
“One wolf is evil. He is anger, rage, envy, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, resentment, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego."
When the starter was cleared,news filtered back to the kitchen that Table 3 would like a 'break' before the main courses were sent,thus extending the remaining threes wait for food even longer.
Readers say: “It’s relighting a fire under a lot of marriages…It makes you feel sexy again, reading the books.” – Founder of DivaMoms.com Lyss Stern.
While we were napping, Teri went off sightseeing with her manfriend, to a place that some guy called Frank Lloyd Wright built. She took some pix and since she couldn't take any pictures inside, she bought a book about the house, called the Pope-Leighey House.
In the meantime, this is one of my most recent Pinterest inspired projects. I'll save my blabber for another post on organizing, but I must say this lady has grown to be one organized gal, and I owe Pinterest much credit.
While Lady Gaga added a bizarre twist to the black and gold trend, Alicia Keys sported a classic look. I wasn’t surprised to see Lady Gaga wearing her typical outlandish costumes; this time though, she was in black custom Versace. Alicia Keys was spotted in her Alexandre Vauthier dress. Keys represented old Hollywood glam by wearing a fitted silhouette paired with a gold statement necklace.
One tip I always think of in this situation is that third person works best with a screenplay. Writing a screenplay is almost like writing out a movie, and a third person has always translated strongest for me in terms of ‘seeing’ the prose. Conversely, translating a screenplay or what you could ‘see’ of the book and scene into writing would help. Positions of characters, backdrop, dialogue, expression, feeling. These all are covered in a screenplay, and can be translated well into third person narrative (with certain changes).
The main construction has taken place in the East end of Glasgow were the building of one of Europe’s biggest indoor facilities will be held. The athletics stadium – the national indoor sports arena and the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome – and the athlete’s village will be home to more than 6,500 competitors and officials in 2014. The new neighborhood of more than 1,400 socially rented and private homes will then be used in the years after the games.
Now tell me, why on Earth would anyone, especially another woman, think someone would want to dress up like a cow? You know, unless they considered that person competition and planned to have them hit on the head, ground up and turned into hamburger later?
Send me photographs and souvenirs,
I’d hoped to run into Rachel Dratch on the streets in New York (I don’t know why I thought that. Like she would just be hanging out, greeting people on the streets.) But I didn’t. If I had, I would have told her that her spots on 30 Rock were my favorites and I miss her on the tube. She’s just so marvelous. I’m hoping someone gives me her book (Hint!) for my birthday.
I am just back from a short holiday to Venice and Florence.What am I bringing back, Officer? Not much.
5) Consider There Might Be Something Wrong
This DNA test gives negative, not positive, evidence. It would not have made a difference in the jury's verdict. . . Nobody knows for sure. But no state ever says, "I'm not sure. Let's just give him a new trial." Before trial, it's up to the state to prove that he's guilty. Now, it's up to him to prove that he's innocent. That's his burden under the law: Has he unquestionably established that he's innocent? This is the same argument as in Ex Parte Robbins, where a 5-4 majority including Keller declared that testimony by a medical examiner had "not been proven false" even though the medical examiner (ME) herself and numerous other experts concurred that her trial testimony had presented wrong conclusions unsupported by science to the jury. The district judge had recommended granting a habeas writ, finding that the recanting ME's "opinions were the sole bases of the State's case as to cause and manner of death, without which the State would not have obtained a conviction."
For now, I am spending a lazy hour perusing Pinterest, and looking for more vintage paper inspiration....
I am a human. I make mistakes. I try harder not to make ones that are going to negatively affect others, but sometimes I even make those. When I do make mistakes, I make things right as best as I can, I learn how not to make the same mistake again, I accept what consequences come my way, and then I move on.
The amended constitution will ensure that the BNP will fully comply with the yet to be enacted Equalities Act with regard to party membership.
Cassie actually put the glass behind the frame so she can still write directly on to her calendar printout. She uses the two pockets below for current month, and next. After that, the bills are filed away!
Beau came home from Texas last Monday (August 16th)...since then he has been to Macon, Dublin, St. Simons, back to Dublin and now he has gone back to North Carolina. Who would have thought a "resection proximal humerus with reconstruction endoprosthesis " would have slowed Beau down? Not me...
And they have my whimsies; but thou hast my heart.
3 basic
41 will
I really like this ebook!
Lately I've been balancing out my favorite little skirts with messy hair that makes the look a little more day-appropriate for me. I wore this last weekend for a day of traveling back home, and it was so comfy! The jersey fabric on the skirt kept me happy when I was napping on my boyfriend's shoulder. The tie front blouse made me feel like a chic lady from the 40's and the yellow belt added a fun pop of color.
I bring you – Mr. Pants Down. No, I don’t mean the kids (and sometimes adults) who think it they are all that and a bag of chips (Don’t forget the Coke – as Karla would tell me).
Oh - one more thing. I pledge my life, my "fortune" and my sacred honor to make sure you're unemployed after this term.
One more thing related to Laz, and then NO MORE! I promise.
So. What the? Oh man! C'mon! I mean damn! Is that all? Anything else?
You know why something comes back is because of your attachment to some pleasure. That is not the other’s mistake. Suppose you had some pleasure, someone had given you some pleasure, and then they have cheated you or they did a mistake, you can forgive that mistake, but what comes back is your craving for pleasure. When you see that it is just an illusion, you become more centered.
Oh, and if you drink- a few margaritas might help!
Approximately one third of participating physicians reported they did not completely agree that they should disclose medical errors to patients (20% of whom admitting they were afraid of being sued for malpractice). TIME Healthland reports that 40 percent felt they did not need to disclose financial ties to drug or device companies.
I’m currently considering adding solar panels to my house and found some good information for Maryland residents. I will be posting this information to facebook and my blog citygreenthumb.wordpress.com. Please share with others….
cars, buses, ambulances, trains and snow plows were getting stuck in the snow and being abandoned. scott really wanted to get to work, but the only way that was going to happen is if he walked as my half of the car said no way.
The kids woke up early this morning when they heard me watching
For a start, myths and fairytales speak to the deep subconscious in a symbolic and poetic language which it’s important to learn at an early age. Otherwise a child may grow up to miss many nuances and expect only literal and obvious meanings in books such as the Bible which were never intended to be read in that way. Growing up ‘myth-blind’ can be as much of a disadvantage as growing up colour-blind. Myths are old, handed down over hundreds of generations – and anything kept alive for so long by people down the ages has undergone a sort of natural selection – only the best stories and those that really fulfill some deep emotional needs will have survived. Furthermore, without some knowledge of Classical mythology in particular, children will have difficulty fully appreciating some of the world’s most wonderful paintings, poems and music, much of which has been inspired by Greek and Roman myths and legends. In psychology too, mythological references are everywhere. But on top of all of that, these stories are fun. Flying horses, heroes with swords, snake-haired monsters, sea serpents, trees covered in golden apples – what’s not to like?
Edward and Bella have a tumultuous courtship, made even more complicated by the fact that Bella’s good friend Jacob is also in love with Bella.
See You There~!
Brown eyes that carefully wished you luck or a million thank yous from just a small distance. At first I was reluctant, afraid of this absurd smiling stranger. But, as I saw him day after day, I found comfort in his smile. To me, the girl in a small lounge at the centre of his passage, his burdens seemed greater. With each passing step that he took, mine floated away with the lightness of a thousand blue balloons intertwined together.
1 floating
Committee substitute language allows the feds to supervise the checkpoints, but testimony at the hearing said that was already allowed, but that the agency simply chose not to do so, understandably assigning troopers instead to cover DPS' traditional, core functions. Indeed, I'm not sure why DPS should provide staffing support for the feds: Do we really need to subsidize the feds on this when they can borrow to pay for the cost while Texas must tax?
Anyhow, I bought two containers at the store today! I ate half of one and then I took some vanilla yogurt and dipped my strawberries into the yogurt and they are currently sitting in my freezer waiting for me to wake up!….hello awesome frozen breakfast lol I cannot wait for those!! They are going to be so yummy, yummy, yummy!!! And it’s going to be hot all week, upper 70′s to 80′s all week! Yikes! I’m gonna freeze everything! Including my bra haha
"What is New York City like?" I asked. My guidance counselor put his hands behind his head with elbows spread wide, leaned back, and with great deliberateness and the authority of a worldly, street smart and experienced man, answered, "Have you heard of the concrete jungle, kid? Because that's what it's like. Between 23rd Street and 59th Street. It's a jungle. A concrete jungle."
but that is a futile game to play, really
It was four in the afternoon. I called. The phone rang. It rang again. Here comes voice mail and… “Hey there! Long time no hear! How was your Thanksgiving?” I hadn’t counted on his phone being synced with his Acura. It never occurred that he could answer while driving. (I later learned that my name also displays on his dashboard when I call…geeze.) It was too late to turn back now. I was committed to the invite.
In any case, the boys from Kasi should be taking their game from the streets and try to make a statement in big teams in the league. All youngsters are glued to TVs and PCs playing video games, but the nations needs them to carry the flag high. All that the parents can do, is take these gadgets away and let the boys take to the field and hopefully, one day, Bafana Bafana will be what we once thought they were.
Nothing is right. Nothing feels really good in my life.
The first activity features a short clip from Saturday Night Live that you may have seen called “La Policía Mexicana.” By now the students have learned almost all the words in the video, and in the video they say “no sé” several times. It is also a pretty entertaining skit that pokes some fun at how Spanish classes typically operate. I am hoping the students will feel good about how much Spanish they know from the video. As an extension activity, I could have students make a similar skit on their own, or give them the outline of the original skit and have them change the details.
1 pocketful
-La Freak (a Belgian-style IPA)
Just spotted Paul Scott aged 65! Exactly! But Croatian.
in the midst of trying to find a good "cloth diaper safe" rash cream! I try to change him really often if he has a rash and I also sometimes do an extra rinse with my diapers. We have hard water, and the extra rinse/less detergent will help get any extra minerals that might bind to the diapers/detergent out. For awhile I thought he was getting rashes because of the hard water binding to minerals and being left on the diapers, but an extra rinse solved that problem!
Q Which payment mode is available to an online applicant?
#191 & #192 Sammy Sosa / Kerry Wood (Cubs)
* Mr. Roy Lynn (37), his wife, Joyce (36), and their daughter Pamela Grace. She would have been three weeks old yesterday.
Further in the section on IP and Health Policy, the report states:
And my point is, that orphan ministry, the loving the unloved or unlovable, the Loving God so much that we are compelled to go and share that love with even orphans, reaches far more than the orphan, it reaches people, it reaches Governments, it reaches leaders, and sometimes, just sometimes, it even reaches the hardened hearts sitting amongst us every Sunday at church listening to a sermon that they can't understand because they don't know what love is yet.
But will all children have an equal experience when unschooling?
And now for a bit of my reality.
Saudi Arabia is a country in mourning as its citizens learned of the October 22nd passing of Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, who was next in line to the Saudi throne. The news opens up major speculation as to who will be named to replace him as Crown Prince of the oil-rich nation. The Prince's health in the past few years had been failing, as he reportedly battled colon cancer and Alzheimer's disease.
35. Long eye-lashes.
Rushing along the national road, you see low grey shrubs. The renosterbos Dicerothamnus rhinocerotis, and kapokbossie wild rosemary Eriocephalus species – currently providing an illusion of snow, covered in fluffy white seeds. Species vary between new born lamb, whiter than white – and the muddier dustier colour of yearling lambs. Then, you see yellow daisy bushes. But, if you walk – this NBG has good spring flowers this year!
But all that is hard to do when you’re a 7 and half hour drive away.
In the Old Covenant, man was given the procedure to get to God.
In Falkirk, the heartland of Eric Joyce, Labour did a deal with two Tories and an Independent to take control again, shutting out the SNP.
This was one of the roles that turned Carrey into a superstar in the mid 90s. It gave him a lot of freedom to just do his thing and be funny and that’s exactly what he did. He has great chemistry with Jeff Daniels, who also brings a lot to the movie. I am a big fan of Jeff Daniels too, who is starring in a new HBO series that I am really looking forward to. I saw a trailer for the show that set quite an impression, you can check it out here if you like. Together Carrey and Daniels made a duo that will always be making people laugh. Word is that Daniels is on board for the sequel so it will be really cool to see what these guys can come up when they try it again. Lauren Holly looks fantastic in this movie. Although, as I said in a recent post I am not really a fan of hers.
Little Dorrit
SANITYMUFFIN.COM
Like many of you, I’m a lifelong reader. I literally can’t remember a time when I didn’t love to read and find it a comfort and a pleasure. But when Teresa put Sister Carrie on my list for our book swap this year, I admit that I hesitated, because that is the very first book I can ever remember disliking. I read it in eleventh-grade English class (American Literature), and it’s the first book on which I ever pulled the trick of flipping to the back every few minutes to check on my progress and see how many pages I had left to go. I remember finding it tedious and grim. But! I said to myself (and Teresa), there are many books I read as a teenager and liked much better as an adult. And I trust Teresa’s taste completely. She won me over to Thomas Hardy, after all. So onward and upward! Sister Carrie, ahoy!
But we never did.
However, I loaned the first one to my niece and I don’t own the second one yet. The first book in the Mayhem series was not a “lend me” book so I couldn’t lend it to her but she wanted the second one anyway. I keep recommending Wolf Hunt to people but don’t know how many have taken the time to read it yet. The first Shadowing book is excellent as well – yes, I know they are YA books but still…
Most men will need some sort of an accountability partner to recover from this, similar to a buddy that people are matched with in AA. You can't be that partner, because he can't be honest with you if he's tempted again.
How you say something is just as important as what you say. Those who are involved in religious error usually do not know they’re “ensnared” by the devil. They can be just as passionate and sincere as those who serve and worship God according to His word. However, their incorrect doctrinal understanding is keeping them from salvation (Rom. 10:1-4). It’s our job to try to empathize with them, and lovingly/patiently show them God’s truth. Don’t misunderstand what I’m saying, God DOES command us to correct their false teachings with His word, but we are to do so with a Christ-like attitude. Otherwise, just like the Westboro Baptist Church, we can harden their hearts and be part of the reason some people spend their eternity separated from God. Our Creator will NOT tolerate non-compassionate Christians.
20 care
Sun 12:00-16:00Thanks to the curator, John's daughter, Isabel, for letting us know about the exhibition.
Who will survive? Besides the ones with better agents?
.... and this one, there just has to be a yarn in here somewhere!!
I believe cheese is what binds us together.
Back in the present, the show pretty much lives up to expectations. Phillips is at his best with this kind of quicksilver text: his production skitters over Wilde's profound surfaces with stylish ease. To his credit, Rush doesn't camp up Lady Bracknell, and makes a frighteningly convincing bellows-voiced aunt, a redoutable galleon in full sail. Christie Whelan (Gwendolen) and Emily Barclay (Cecily) are stand outs, handling the mercurial text with deceptive suppleness. On opening night, Patrick Brammall (Algy) and Toby Schmitz (John Worthing) seemed constrained, sometimes a little stilted, although this lifted in the second act. And I guess nobody could stop Bob Hornery from outrageously mugging the role of the senile butler, Merriman.
Then, maybe I can get off these pills.
Did I love well? I believe that when everything ends this is going to be the only question that will matter and have the power to bring peace within me.
End of day, Jackie's Darling came along to help pack up the quilt, couldn't resist getting another pic, this time including the top row.
This chapter begins with God’s judgement being pronounced on Baasha by Jehu the prophet. Despite seeing what happened to Jeroboam because of his sins, Baasha still followed a similar path, and a similar judgement to Jeroboam’s was meted to him- any of his that died in the city would be eaten by dogs,and those that die in the fields, by birds.
THE PRINCESS
Its been so long since i last blogged. Thanks to the encouragement of my wonderful roommate brittany hines (thoughtsbybhines@blogspot.com) I decided its time to blog again. So much has happened this summer that I just couldnt zone in on something to write about. There is this one thing in particular though that I havent been able to get off my mind so I am going to share it with you.
And generally, it’s the folks without it who think that they have got it going on in the honor department – fascinating.
This post is a (possibly boring) musing about the ways that I keep myself organized for creating the weekend tests (a.k.a. reassessments). I thought I would write it anyway, though, in case it (a) helps someone else get an idea for making their own work/system more manageable and/or (b) someone reading it has (and shares) suggestions that could help me do this process in a better way.
Then you’ve got some underachiever at The Beer Guzzlers who evidently took the time to track down or stumble upon what will be some of the last CCR ever made and all he can manage is a four-sentence complaint. I realize that I’m long-winded, but talk about understated. God, I worked harder to find Cinder Cone Red than he worked on reviewing it.
This is just a brief overview of what forms of human trafficking take place in Pakistan. Part 2 will look at how.
This is a great technique where you sculpt a face from clay, sort of like a mask, and lay it on a flat doll head. When it dries, stretch fabric is laid over the clay. It really gives you artistic freedom in creating a beautiful face that looks like it is entirely made of cloth.
Back Broke is Glen singing just this side of a whisper along with Marketa’s impeccable piano and an almost Flamenco-ish guitar. The lyrics also come to a final admission and acceptance of what has happened. Perfect song to end the album with.
I love salads, Husband loves salads, Son not so much. Thankfully, we all enjoy seafood. So this salad had an easy entrance to our table. The orange pepper, kirby cucumber, chili pepper, scallion, and crab was very agreeable, but the grapefruit? That was a new....and a strange addition to the rest of the ingredients. But
“I had your back @cherylcole until you sent that s**t. Disappointed in you if the public seen these emails you would end up with egg on your face. let’s get this straight @cherylcole I don’t need no hype of you! I’d rather go broke and work in Sainsbury’s than talk about your personal s**t.”
2. The embrace is the key. It's not limited to any particular style - it can happen in open or close, though most of the people who responded to my queries dance close embrace. That is more a skew with my tango social group, and the audience of my blog, I think. In general, even in open embrace, and nuevo style dancers, I heard from - the embrace tended to be softer, never jarring. Very smooth, well supported, well grounded. The embrace, in all of its variations, felt secure.
c) The top two shelves were virtually un-usable. I couldn't reach anything at the top and I needed a step latter to get to it... one that doesn't have space to be stored in the pantry.
and it isn’t his fault that i have a crush on him for nine months and he still doesn’t know… it’s because i’m just too chicken to tell him. i need to move on… he has consumed most of my subconscious sanity and i’m preparing for a fresh start. so i’m maybe going to tell him. soon. i’m going to have a stomachache, and maybe a nosebleed and some major headaches but sometimes you’ve gotta give away your feelings first before you can get rid of it.
Colin: Is it with his partner or? There was a rumor that he and his boyfriend were doing something together?
4. Let the cabbage sit for 1-2 hours, depending on how salty you like the kimchi. Use your hands to flip over the cabbage halfway through. Taste a piece and if the cabbage itself is salty then it's ready.
The other day, I was going through old cookbooks (pretending to clean) and found the 1979 Arlington Elementary School PTA cookbook. You know, those spiral bound, type-written fundraising cookbooks. In other words, the mother lode of nostalgia. (BTW, this wasn't even my elementary school, but somehow I have it...)
McMaster lives next to the horse owner‘s property on Hunts Pond Road which has many other horses and cows. Police say McMaster and the neighbor do have a history of confrontation and that McMaster filed a complaint about a week ago about the animals.
Bunting and patterned paper ~ Fancy Pants
1/2 C Flour
Well, 2010 is almost over! Just a few more days, my friends. Are you ready for 2011? I'm really not sure how I'm gonna make it through the WHOLE year on my own. I'll need you guys to help keep me sane, you know! If you see me on Facebook next month, say hi. I may be dying for some grown up interactions. LOL!
03. Faith Or Forgiveness
Given Germany’s purported commitment to human rights, such blatant negligence of refugee protection protocols and the asylum seekers’ basic humanity is shocking. Germany used to be a member of the United Nations Human Rights Council (2009), and the U.S. Freedom House’s 2008 Freedom in the World report gave Germany the best possible rankings for civil liberties and political rights. In addition, Germany has ratified a number of key United Nations and European treaties, including the ratification of the 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees and the adoption of the 1967 Protocol.
However, if you mix them all up and let them clash and bring out the hues in the other colors, I want them all! 40 polishes in a mixingbowl might look cheap compared to a fancy display, but in the end, I'll buy more than I would if you had it arranged according to the rainbow.
It's totally amazing that this film was posted last night and has gone totally crazy viral. The best part? 9-year old Caine's scholarship fund is almost $50,000! And he's a Los Angeles kid! Whoo hoo. (Of course, I hope he eventually goes to UCLA's School of Engineering :)
LA = Late
On balance, The House on Haunted Hill is a reasonable distraction, if not especially distracting overall. The trappings of an old-school horror are present, though not integral, and the mystery itself is a bit of a flop. The single best reason to check it out is to enjoy Vincent Price in a scene-chewing role of sheer guilty pleasure fun.
83) I dislike most types of music. That being said, there could be all kinds of new stuff out there that I like, and I'd never know, because I can't afford CD's and I can't stand listening to the radio or watching videos. I just don't have the patience.
I got to meet him personally in 1994. It was at Big Time Brewery in Seattle, at 7 a.m., and he was leaving for the airport to go back to the U.K., but he still wanted to check out our beers for a possible new book project. This, after a whirlwind weekend tour of Seattle and the Northwest's breweries and brewpubs. He gave us an honest assessment of our beers, had some coffee and chit-chat, and then left. He didn't have to do this for us (at an un-godly time in the morning), but the man had said that he would, and he did. I still cherish the photo of all of us on that day.
God sends times of refreshing to us. But regardless of the season, He is always at work to strengthen us and bring purpose and meaning to our lives.
The eighties had some hits, but man, when you find its forgotten misses. Don’t hate this one because it’s Canadian. Hate it because it sucks. The mercifully short Rock & Rule (1983) is just as yucky as anything to come out of the eighties. In the distant future some mutant rodent people have formed a mediocre rock band. The band is made up of the obnoxious tool of a guitarist, the loveable but paunchy intellectual keyboardist, the goofy and uber-annoying drummer, and the kind and soulful hot girl. Everything is going nowhere for these guys until an evil all-powerful rocker named Mok needs to use the girl’s voice to unleash a demon out of hell for some reason. I found it interesting that all of the male characters look rather gross or strange but with the girl they really try to minimize her rodent features and sexualize her. Anthros will love it. The story is stupid, the characters are grating, the colors are oppressive and dim, and there’s really nothing to care about in this unpleasant fantasy adventure, but the animation is actually really, really good. I was genuinely impressed by the animation in this dumb movie. The same studio animated Eek! The Cat and The Adventures of Tintin cartoons. Most of the songs are pretty forgettable, but there’s a few decent ones. The songs are performed by (get this) Lou Reed, Iggy Pop, Cheap Trick, Debbie Harry, and Earth, Wind, & Fire, so there’s that. All in all something this bad and strange should not be forgotten…because that means I have to find it.
Satan’s Museum of Horror;..not for children.
Only 4% of South Africans support the bill
How to file a Subsequent Design Application in China When the First Foreign Application is for Partial Design
I watched as she went, a little stunned: but suddenly at peace with my world.
Flash-forward numerous hours of frantically left clicking and chain chugging portions, the game ends with you slaying Diablo (at least his sprite undergoes a death animation) and players are treated to a 70 second FMV clip showing the hero taking Diablo’s spirit stone and painfully slamming it into their head. The hangover that followed must have been truly agonizing…
i lie down on the stony earth best to
Standard MAC plastic casing with 15g of powder containing a latex sponge housed in a separate area underneath powder.
Not many competitions offer direct feedback on your writing. However, you can extract your own feedback. If you win or are placed, the judge will give you some feedback. Take note of what they say and try to do it again.
If you happen to be planning a trip to Barcelona, be sure to take a look the hotel's top 10 list of things to see and experience. Although I've never been and am therefore by no means a Barcelona expert, it seems like a nice, succinct set of things to build an itinerary around.
There are a number of reasons to hope for a better outcome than a triangular race war. First of all, insofar as there is a race problem in America, it is really only a black problem. Hispanics are not a race, after all, but mixtures in varying proportions of Spanish, African, and American Indian stock. It is their language, the proximity of their homelands, and their geographical concentrations -- not their complexion and physiognomy -- that make Hispanics a threat to America. Furthermore, the minorities that Chittum ignores (Orientals, East Indians, etc.) are likely to be Americanized eventually, due to the same social and economic forces that assimilated previous waves of immigration. Certainly this happy outcome could be hastened or retarded by good or bad public policy -- but to a significant extent they are already part of a non-black, English-speaking majority.
For my card I've got little Lewis from the Prairie Fairy out again, I really love this little dude and this time I've tried to make it like he is in the water with a little artistic license the flowers and swirls represent waves! yes? no? lol
I stopped and said, "Excuse me, I'm Bob Hoffman."
A huge thanks to everyone that entered last week's "Lace, Ribbon and Buttons" Challenge.
Especially when she's assigned to save single father Tony Weis, whose less-than-pure thoughts wreak hell on a telepathic angel's nerves. It's all Rebecca can do to keep her hands off him...but when she loses her memory injuring herself to save Tony's daughter, now it's Tony's turn to be her angel and care for her.But will Tony's devotion tempt her from her angelic path, even if it means being human again?
Don't you just hate it when you pop over to Zulily a little too late and a great deal you definitely would have gotten is already gone? That has happened to me a lot lately. Most recently with this one...
I apologize with you and all my friends in Venezuela for having posted those videos without pretending or asking for translation in Spanish or at the least subtitles. I Still underline and put emphasis on the fact that I believe in their trip, in their honesty as persons and men and in their good intentions.
**Please note: some strong language.**
Today, I felt cross and grumpy and completely out of sorts. I wanted to go to the allotment and get on with a million jobs down there and get some fresh air. I wanted to go on the demo in Manchester against the cuts because who knows whether I will still have a job later this year. I wanted to see my friends who I am seriously neglecting. I wanted to spend a bit of time with my new love, who I hardly have any time for. And I had a dozen jobs that needed doing. How on earth am I meant to fit everything in.
12. Joe's Garage
Sentiment mat is cut from Elegant Edges pg. 28 oblong at 1.75"
At a friend's birthday party last night, why did I eat Chinese food, birthday cake (with two types of ice cream) and then return home to eat a slice of cheesecake?
Sélection de Dj No Breakfast pour fêter la sortie de la compilation:
I wasn't over the top wowed but as far as fast food sandwiches go, it was pretty damn tasty. I'd order it again if I got the hankering for something savory and sour... doesn't happen often but sometimes I do.
And now we’ve reached the ”Did you know” portion of the program:
the sentiment is computer generated.
By The Way:
Oh how I wish I was pulling in $4000 a month. I did make almost that much one month, but it was an isolated thing. As far as energy goes - it isn't energy. It's coffee.
Tesseracts Thirteen: Chilling Tales from the Great White North
The Hunt of the Unicorn by C.C. Humphreys (ARC)
I THINK: No. And why is it your business about who brings home what? He brings home the monetary bacon but I bring home the actual grocery store bacon, some would agree that they are both pretty damn awesome.
I thought the bank closed at 6. Turns out it closes at 5. The drive through window, however, stays open till 6. I havn't deposited my server money in a while, and didn't want to have to carry around all that money with me as i wandered around town. So I walked through the drive through and pressed the button. Someone answered asking if I needed help. I asked if I was allowed to stand there or not. He said it was no problem.
Pediatrician: "OK..."
In my article Pigs we get what pigs deserve I said “Not even the bankers themselves are immune to their own financial terrorism. Like madmen with bombs strapped to their chests, they blew up the economy. It was only a matter of time before they fell victim to their own greed and corruption. I would like to tell all of the recently canned bankers to suck it up and get a McDonald’s application. This is your comeuppance deal with it.”
He said, "Larissa, respect isn't something that is earned. It either is or it isn't." (meaning it is either there and exists or it doesn't) That one flew right over my head at the time. Believe me, I thought about his words. I allowed his words to fully sink in - but I still didn't quite understand it. It took me awhile to realize that what he was saying was absolutely true in every way. There was absolutely nothing that Rich could do to earn my respect. His position in our family - alone - was worthy of my respect. Putting aside all else, the fact that God gave him the role of leader in our family was worthy of my respect.
Robbins does a great job (from what I’ve read so far) of not only mentioning the horrible conditions that chickens, pigs, cows, etc. suffer from and in, but he juxtaposes those experiences with just how aware, intelligent, and sensitive these creatures are. It’s one thing to see a picture or read a description of the torture to which these animals are exposed, but it’s quite another to hear about just how similar they are to humans in how they live their lives (they have families, raise offspring, sacrifice their lives for the protection of their families, help humans in dangerous circumstances, etc.). For the most part, we would never tolerate such cruelty toward humans (I’m aware that in some countries, heinous actions are done unto women, children, refugees, tribes, sects, etc., but that’s a whole other issue). In the majority of the Western world, if we were to throw away male babies once they are born (as Robbins points out is what happens to male chicks because they can’t lay eggs), or if we were to cram thousands of people into unclean, dark, contaminated barracks to produce work (concentration camps, anyone?), much like chickens are subjected to for laying eggs, there would be such an uproar that I can’t even fathom what might actually transpire. I’m sure that whoever sanctioned those actions would suffer at the hands of the UN for crimes against humanity, and I don’t even know what the general public would do.
Many years later, when I was in Paris, I considered going to the Louvre and see the lady properly, but in fact I didn't really feel like it. Besides, I had by then encountered my true love. Lady with an Ermine didn't cause half a much fuss in Moscow. There were reasonable queues, but once you were there, you were allowed to stay as much as you liked, which I did. And I came back. And came back again. Some years later I was in Krakow, the home of the Lady, and I even have a photo of me in front of it. Then it came to Stockholm.
Deep down he didn’t have the passion to race. Some say he was not on the best of terms with his family, due to his burdening relationship with Adriane Galisteu. Others suggest he believed that Schumacher and Benetton were cheating their way to success, by using the now banned electronic aids. Either way he put those issues aside and went out to race. A startline accident put the race behind the Safety Car and it was going too slow for Ayrton’s liking. On the restart Senna charged away, determined to pull away from Schumacher. On lap seven, he entered the flat-out Tamburello bend when his Williams refused to turn into the corner. The rest they say is history…
I have the necessary genetics and previous professional racing experience to be a world champion…the missing ingredient has always been MONEY !
(Not the Actual Sister Rosario!)
Up next is The Long Walk. This is the second book published under the Richard Bachman name. I really enjoyed this one the first time around, so I’m looking forward to reading it again. It’s significantly shorter than The Stand. So hopefully this one will help me get my momentum back.
As I look at the dimly lit laptop screen, I debate on what to write about. Maybe I should begin with a bit about who I am, and what I believe I bring to the table. That seems simple enough, right?
The challenge this time was for Bling and Butterflies.
· Merle Haggard
Most of them stem from a personal experience and then grow from there.
Marston, Thompson & Evershed, Plc. Oyster Stout
I think everyone who lives in Bath has heard of Ralph Allen, though he is not nationally known. A Bath state secondary school is named after him, the grand house he built on the southern slopes of the city is now a private school, and the steep road that leads to and past it is called Ralph Allen Drive.
I have recently committed to doing three additional things to try and spread some dignity, respect, and love in the world, in the hopes that these things will become so contagious that they will spread through people's hearts and minds like wildfire and help us move the needle. They may seem small, but they can and do have a tremendous impact.
And I want to be the one offering wisdom, and perspective, and hope. I want to be the one with answers. But brokenness pursues and wraps it's bitter grasp around us all. It's woefully embarrassing to be the one face-down in the cold. But the words of a friend, the words of truth, help us discern what is real and where we've been deceived. Yes, they reach down and give us perspective, reminding us of the hope found in forgiveness.
This winter, for the first time since we have lived in England, there have been long stretches (weeks, months) where the weather has been too bad to go outside. Unable to walk, I’ve had to look for some other form of mental/physical exercise; and I’ve discovered an unexpected affinity for yoga – that practice associated with stillness, and concentration, and patience.
patrons were bar employees free at last
· Lie on the ground and look up. Try under a tree.
This means that menopause may be reversible. So, based upon this abstract, I will stick to my hypothesis that the key to all of this is a variable, multimale sperm cocktail regularly received into the vaginal cavity and that such a cocktail might actually take menopausal woman out of menopause and back into fertility, or, to use the scientific language, cause oogenesis and folliculogenesis. Here is the entire abstract:
One thing that I’ve noticed is that having an audience is highly motivating. It was initially nerve-wracking because I didn’t want anyone to see me be anything less than good. Then I took a step back and realized that if people are watching, it’s because there`s something to see and maybe, just maybe I can get people motivated about something, too.
I can only say thanks to Dave for passing these beers along to me. It's obvious that a lot of thought and hard work has gone into these beers, and when you do that you end up with something that you can be truly proud of. For now I'll keep a keen eye on what's happening in Bradford, but what I will say though is; when is this beer going to come along??
Last year, I took to writing screenplays…again. As a teen, I wrote them and then moved to writing short stories and novels. Something last year called me back to scripts, and it’s been a wonderful learning journey so far. In the last year, I’ve braved the contest world and submitted one feature-length script and one short script to competitions. Didn’t win, but both placed, giving me enough gumption to continue the journey.
Let’s Talk About What Project Means
And darker and darker
Hey Everyone! Whats up with you all?
To all the yummy mummies out there
Rahr & Sons Brewing is currently developing a line of seasonal beers to be branded and sold under a Central Market label and available through their stores state-wide. The current plans are for four rotating beers per year, one per quarter, most likely focusing on popular seasonal styles. The specific styles have not yet been decided.
So, would we see a sea of yellow, green and blue this year? We would only know in the aftermath of the ‘mathematics’ might tell us.
So far we know of 4 couples who are currently pregnant with their first child! It really is wonderful news for all the happy, soon-to-be parents! Glo and I are super excited and happy for all of you ‘preggers’ out there. We wish you a healthy pregnancy and we look forward to seeing the new additions to your families soon!
spaces Where Bloggers Create & be inspired!
I think Sanderson has a skillful way of formulating a story to get the reader to believe one thing and then all of a sudden he introduces a new element to throw the reader off the scent completely. For instance, a character like Elend. I think having these three groups on the periphery is not an accident. He is leading us, but I don’t know where yet. And that’s exciting.
published serially in Atlantic Monthly starting in 1869. And it is absolutely amazing. Almost every other paragraph you are either chortling over some bit of what we’d now call scientific naiveté... or else staring at the page in disbelief that some folks back then had such clear notions as geo-stationary navigation satellites. The entire book
Enki brings forth
Last weekend was spent checking out the Matilda Bay Brewer’s Bite which brought beer and food to the market and the masses and was a well run and well received event.
Now guess how I did it...
For example, 72 per cent of respondents said their employers see international experience as important or very important, up from 63 per cent last year. Monica Kotwani
And now, outta nowhere--Some Funny Photos!
I have never asked you, my readers, to donate money to me or to my blog. Everything I do here comes from my love of the genre. But I am asking you, if you enjoy my ramblings and reviews, to please consider making a donation. I couldn't be there with Jimmy when he needed me, so I'm hoping that any assistance I can give in fund-raising will make up for it.
In big news this week - Miss 6 became Miss SEVEN! Yep - my girl had a birthday and she seems SO GROWN UP! I cannot believe I am the mother of a SEVEN YEAR OLD!
3. Post the award on your blog
The job. The thing I chose to do. Or did it choose me? I wonder because most days I report to work feeling pretty damn lucky. The people here are becoming like kin. I can’t imagine they feel the same way about me but it doesn’t matter. I belong here. I feel it in my bones.
100 Les Miserables – Victor Hugo*
Carter was pouty about having to wear a "button shirt"...
ME: Um....place.
Please don't be jealous of my awesomeness. Jealousy will ruin you. And that would bum me out.
Once again, being a masculine card I've gone with earthy colours, starting with a base of cream, layering with Chocolate Chip, some green bazzill and some striped Kaisercraft paper from their 'Cafe Culture' range. The image is from SU's 'For Father' set, coloured with markers and a blender pen and sponged the edges with some Close to Cocoa, matting it with green and Chocolate Chip. The sentiment is from SU's 'Short and Sweet', stamped in Always Artichoke and matted on more Chocolate Chip. Finished off by adding some copper brads to the corners.
I have the least experience in this type of matchup, so please excuse my mostly theorycrafting here. Overall, Void Rays don’t work as well against Zerg, due to the defensive anti-air capabilities of the Zerg Queen. Plus, most Zerg units are small, and hence Protoss ground armies work better. For air superiority, especially against Mutalisk, you’ll want to build a fair number of Phoenix. If you have about 2/3 as many Phoenix as your opponent has Mutalisk, you’ll do well.
What on earth is wrong with these people… didn’t they learn ANYTHING from the Scopes Trial?
If the police ask to see your phone, you can tell them you do not consent to the search of your device. They might still legally be able to search your phone without a warrant when they arrest you, but at least it’s clear that you did not give them permission to do so.
The film traces some of the major influences on Glen Campbell's accomplished musicianship from his rural Arkansas roots growing up in a musical family to recording with some of the biggest stars in music and his eventual rise to become one of them himself. See the story of his new album Meet Glen Campbell (produced by Julian Raymond) in this special screening session and his return to his long time record label Capitol Records.
It's never "just another day", but at the same time, it isn't a really "out of the ordinary day" either. There is a lot of love in our family and that is demonstrated on a daily basis.
It has to be right on style, but why there are beers like this I will never understand. It is not pleasant to drink.
How much easier our work would be if we put forth as much effort trying to improve the quality of it as most of us do tryign to find excuses for not properly attending to it.” ~George W. Ballenger
The 3 stacked tubs are full of cricut cartridges lol, and the blue tub with the scale on top has tons of Stampin Up retired stamp sets. And to the right is my super model Daughter, who ran in the room just before I took the picture lol
Comrades with chests of medals by the balcony-full;
Lexi Mitchell - bass
Native American 16 (1.6%)
It’s all so stupid!!! I feel so stupid in just writing about it. So many women suffer so much more. This morning I was lying in bed, wishing I had a place to go to just be able to think straight. And I was thinking of other women who need to get away but don’t have money and a place to go, just to breathe. And I was wishing I could make a retreat that wouldn’t cost a woman anything just to have a nice room and some pleasant meals for a few days to give her some breathing room. Well, maybe when I am rich, I can find some other people who will support a project like this, and I can create a retreat like that for women like me and other women who need it.
Overall this movie I would rate 6.5/10, I think the design and the storyline is nice, because of Lau Ching Wan and Tony Leung in this movie, this movie would score more points. I know it is too late to post about this movie, better than nothing right?
May have a standing with their niche and specialized book stores. Example: LDS Christian, other Christian, romance, special children’s, cause promotion,
Draw the red dew
“They just came and punched me continuously even after I was detained,” he said.
- Brightness settings may change unexpectedly after reboot
Now, having finally spent time with the entirety of Pink Floyd’s catalog (all 16 full-length albums, including the soundtracks for two Barbet Schroeder films: More from 1969 and Obscured By Clouds the soundtrack to his 1972 film the Valley), a more complete picture comes to light of the band, not to mention some of the clear improvements in the sonics of these albums. Of course there will also be naysayers and purists who will protest any tinkering to the original releases (some people want to hear tape hiss in the music, which I think is just as bad as hearing surface noise on vinyl). But, when you listen to this new 2011 version of the Wall and can clearly make out words that sounded a bit indecipherable in earlier releases, you know something was done right in the remastering process. On the con side of this new remaster of the Wall, cues for “Another Brick in the Wall, Part 2″ and “Young Lust” will not please many who want to isolate those tracks for whatever reason. Then again, this is a concept album that deserves a full contextual listen.
We will have our 5 winners chosen on the 21st, Monday.
Imprison me with heavy locks.
05 - Gator Country 06:33
Who hold themselves responsible for nothing,
It was different when the groom's mother got married 30 years ago. Back then, the spirit of gotong-royong was so alive! All the relatives were busy helping out with the preparations... decor, food & all... & both the solemnization ceremomy & wedding dinner were held at my consin's place. They were held on a wet Christmas night... we were all drenched as we helped to serve the guests. That was one unforgettable wedding.......
er… no cons?
So many times God’s love is right under our noses, or right in the midst of difficult circumstances, and when we take time to notice, it lifts our spirits and gives us hope. I would have missed the heart-shaped puddles if I had not taken a moment to look up, look ahead, and see what God had put in my path. And, if I had missed the puddles, I probably would not have noticed the other blessings around me in nature. Spiritually, we need to be on the lookout for unexpected reminders of His faithful love to us, and let them bring a smile to our souls in spite of the circumstances around us. Let one blessing lead to another, and thank Him for each one—even heart-shaped puddles!
Me: That she is, that she is. Well, nice to see you! Stop by anytime! Oh, hang on! One more thing! If you'd like to see more of me you can stop by {my other little spot} and visit with me nearly everyday. You see, this blog is kind of my "other home" -- and I don't get to visit very often. I'd love to see you there! Toodleloo!
‘Yeah! Well, no. Like, gravity is just as strong, but you are less sort of… solid. You’ll see.’
While bringing the power of the Fed to bear on the jobs crisis is alluring, there’s still the question of how we raise the revenue. As I suggested above, each model has different attributes. For example, each way of financing Job Insurance has different economic effects: payroll taxes make employment marginally more expensive, Tobin taxes decrease the volatility in our financial markets, and an income tax surcharge would modestly redistribute wealth from the richest to the poorest.
So, anyway, overall, home schooling.. while not a long term option for us has been pretty cool. I am trying to wrap my brain around the fact that I get to make up the lessons and curriculum. We can take a day and just go to the Tech museum or the zoo or the aquarium and it counts! We can gather pond water and look at it under a microscope and it counts! Our trip to Hawaii in Jan.?? We took pictures, learned about the landscape and geology, snorkeled and learned about fish, journaled, did puzzles and IT ALL COUNTED toward school.
I found the book to be a nice supplement to our math program.
After a short night of sleep (race start was 6:45am), it was go time. And Texas weather bowed to our wishes and it was chilly just like we hoped. Brrrrrrrr...
Michael Fleisher, story - Gray Morrow, art - Conan and Klaus Janson, cover.
We have a potential Intermediate wave iv low at SPX 1359, without a new high yet to confirm. An expanding triangle from SPX 1357, without a sufficient break from the 1407 high to confirm. Then, at the same time, the DOW/NAZ have both been in confirmed downtrends versus the still uptrending, (or unconfirmed downtrending), SPX/NDX. Plus, market leader AAPL appears to be in its post earnings profit taking period. Overall we need more market data, and will let the market decide its next short term direction.
In case you were wondering, these pictures were taken this morning, post professional haircut, though she was putting up a big stink about letting Mama do her hair today, which is why it looks messy. She also refused to just smile nicely for me, insisting that she make as goofy a face as possible for all the pictures.
A llama??
b) If you make over 42,900 Dkk ($7559.44 US dollars) you have municipal taxes range from 23% – 28%, Health tax 8%, Base state tax 3.76%.
All of this “organizing” I’ve been involved in since the beginning of the year has forced, willingly forced, me to look at my life. I’ve been going through a lifetime of papers saved, and making choices on what to keep and what to throw away. As I have been finishing unfinished projects, I see the diversity of my interests over the years. I have acquired many skills along the way in the areas of craft, art, writing, cooking, gardening, reading, and all the secretarial, office, and business skills of my work world. But, now, in the final third of my life, I need to focus.
No more champagne
The other component of Twitter are the chats. I have social media friends that use these chats to interact with their blog followers and provide an interview component to their topics allowing a group to participate real-time. So it seems that this is a truly interactive use of technology that engages the patients and the providers and doesn’t act solely as a marketing tool.
But somehow we lived to tell about it.
Buddy Guy may be passed his prime, but I'd never seen him and he's one of the last old blues guys left to see. Sure, the show lacked his classics, and he rocked more than played the blues, but the guy still knows how to get a crowd reved up. He also has a fine fashion statement by wearing a blue polka dotted shirt and matching it to his white guitar with blue spots. His stroll through the crowd (ok it was a cleared walkway) and guitar tricks definately made the scene.
206Alone can rival, can succeed to thee.
This week I'm loving these fantastic wood grain printable tags that I found
And that's when it happens...
The Bible has a lot to say about money, wealth, possessions. Jesus spoke on the topic many, many times during his ministry. There are nearly a dozen parables on the topic alone and Proverbs is filled with wisdom on our finances.
Mr Boss has no objection to my looking into the accredited classes accessible to adults in Paris. (!!!) What would happen is that I would change my current contract (average of 14 hours a week in CDI - permanent contract) to a Contract d'Apprentissage (an apprentice contract, and yes, it's available for adults in certain conditions), in which I would work full time, 35 hours a week, with my classes included in the 35 hours, and I'll be paid a percentage of minimum wage (53% I think?), but will still make more than I'm earning right now. My time at work would be divided up in doing what I do right now with the least amount of shuffling as possible, so as not to mess up the schedules of my colleagues, and the whatever time is left in the bookbinding workshop. Whatever money I make in addition to what I'm making now should cover all the traveling between here and Paris. After I receive my diploma, we would revert back to my present contract and I can continue to work there while I'm building up my bookbinding business.
“Ah, I see,” she conceded. At least that’s one of us. I guess I’ll just have to devise another tactic like cocking my head slightly to the side or attaching distracting Mickey Mouse ears in manner of Lady GaGa. Then again I could just get contact lenses.
The Rocketeer
Ms. Kristia Beaubrun, Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke Office- 718-287-1142
then next time you decide to comment you may want to at least acknowledge the brutal heinousness of this crime before you lambaste 99 percent of contributors to this forum with a stupid comment about mob mentality.
So, Scottish politicians are all banding together to be ‘outraged’, the standing up for middle class Scotland SNP is particularly upset.
their guns,
The woman's parents were shot at when they rushed to their aid after being called from the main farm house 50 m away.
"Carl Edward Sagan ( /ˈseɪɡən/; November 9, 1934 – December 20, 1996) was an American astronomer, astrophysicist, cosmologist, author, science popularizer and science communicator in astronomy and natural sciences. He published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He advocated scientifically skeptical inquiry and the scientific method, pioneered exobiology and promoted the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI).
This photo is interesting as it shows federal cavalry at Sudley Springs at a more relaxed time given vaguely as after the battle. Matthew Brady the photographer was present at Bull Run, but this is not on the day of battle, I don't think, even though the movies do try to show it that way. The Union army was routed from the field, in an infamous panic, and things would not be this relaxed.
How do I know this?
I am lucky enough to have the best husband in the world, and even though it is Mother's Day, I am going to praise him because he helps me be a better Mom. As I am sitting here typing this sipping my coffee, he is in the kitchen doing the dishes. He does them every day. He takes out the trash and cleans the bath tub. He cooks dinner and he tells me I am beautiful. And he does it every day, not just on Mother's Day.
All rights reserved. The brief information quoted from this book appears in this article with the permission granted per the copyright statement which appears in the seventh printed publication, May 2007.
Jeff Andrews - First let me thank you for the amazing introduction! I am beyond flattered.
Heat oil in a skillet over med-heat. Add onions and saute 1 minute. Add sliced peppers and saute another minute or so. Add all the spices and saute another 3 minutes – the peppers should be tender but still crisp. Remove from skillet and set aside.
Life is meant to be crazy, I just want to be able to handle the crazy and not become the crazy with it.
no one else will believe in you either.
As most of you know I am not a fan of foundation and buying a Lancome tinted moisturiser was about as good as it gets in my quest to find a sheer and unnoticeable base for my skin. I did put a Jemma Kidd foundation on my Christmas list and was lucky enough to receive it, but I wasn't keen when I tried it out. A bit yellow in colour and quite thick, even a damp sponge for application didn't change my feelings about the product which I had read such good reviews about and had seen on a make-up video on YouTube. I simply can not bear the "too much foundation" look on anyone, no matter what their age and when women use it to cover bad skin by layering it on really thick, there really is nothing worse as it often goes dry and flaky around certain spots or dry patches, its just "yuk". I can however, recommend a sample I have just tried for the first time by Chanel.
I am proud to say that I support KMBI. And what is KMBI? KMBI is a non-profit organization, a Christ-centered organization who provides microfinance service for poor, trainings and values formations. And they have a good impact with their clients for 25 years.
Submerge – The Kaiju lets go of any ship it is trying to eat and is removed from the table, its position being marked. In each subsequent Kaiju Movement phase roll a D6 – on a 5+ the Kaiju reappears. Roll 1D6 for each Movement phase it has remained submerged (including the current one); it appears that many cm away from the point at which it originally went under the water in a randomly determined direction. It may not move or attack in the phase it reappears. A submerged Kaiju does regenerate
Public Radio International PRI
Director of Photography: Jon Joffin
This initial conversation requires an accompanying assessment of the students’ “knowledge base.” Take informational inventory, coming to terms with their prior knowledge of whatever book or subject you are discussing, without placing a value-judgment on the discrepancies different students bring to class from varied high school days and real-life experiences.
Things that bugged about this book:
Here he is in his favourite Fire Fighter costume:
2 minutes on the bike
So I figured that all was not lost...I'll just go into the office and get a cup of coffee there. I mean, we're the USG. They provide us coffee pots in the office...we just need to bring in our own coffee. SURELY someone remembered that. -- There was no coffee pot, no microwave, and no mugs or anything....SO (Are you still riveted?? This is exciting shit isn't it? Twists, plot turns...etc) I did some calming measures -- good air in....bad air out.... -- and ran around the office in a panic. Turns out, I sort created an angry mob. Afterwards, I was thinking that maybe this was not technically what I was going for in my "be more positive" campaign...but, we did get a coffee pot and microwave by the next morning, so really....if you think about it...I'm a damn HERO!
Crushed velvet seats
Home of America’s Honda Manufacturing.
With that Pam removed her nightstick from its holster and started to slowly rub her own crotch with it. Slowly, up and down she rubbed the front of her pants between her own legs.
When I was a kid, in my world, it was not unusual to hear Italian-Americans refer to one another as "that guinea" and "that greaseball." These weren't necessarily insults -- sometimes these terms were used affectionately. The rules may be counterintuitive, but they were clear: within the group, you get to use insulting words about the group. It doesn't mean anyone else does -- I don't think the adults back then would have taken kindly to hearing the same words from a non-Italian.
I also have to mention that today is a very special day for another reason - my very dear Grandma turns 90 today! My family all got together this weekend for a huge celebration and we're so sad we weren't able to get there this year, but we were able to talk on skype on Friday. Grandma is a real inspiration to me and I love her so much! Happy birthday Grandma!!
3 dinners with friends… one of which I have to prepare the food for. That always leads to a couple cases of heartburn and one giant twist for me (am not a foodie).
But then so what? One need not be an avant-garde composer to write music of deep intelligence, striking individuality, and lasting aesthetic appeal. (The music of Bach, Mozart, and Brahms should suffice to prove the claim.) And no music written by the younger living composers delivers these virtues more consistently than the music of Rebecca Saunders. Being well familiar with Saunders' music I thought I knew what to expect from her brand new violin concerto. Instead this concerto, despite its familiar stylistic trappings, gave me a 20-minute long equivalent of a Taser shock. The music narrowly oscillates around (what feels like) the principal tone, with close intervals creating a sonically claustrophobic environment within which the violin part coils and uncoils with the ferociousness of an angry reptile trapped inside a terrarium. Somehow Saunders manages to manipulate the timbral and textural aspects of sound so effectively that it creates an almost dizzying sense of motion, keeping me on the edge of my seat despite the fact that there is no real (i.e, harmonic) motion to speak of.
This is an experience to add extra magic to your Disney vacation. Perfect as a surprise
In a world of networking when it matters who you know, how can you make an impression and land the job when no one knows you? Everywhere you turn you hear people say “Network. Network. Network.” The reality is that majority of jobs are gained by networking. It is all who you know. But, what if you really want to land that job within a company that you have no contacts? What will make you stand out? The answer is not simple. Truthfully, some people would say, “If you follow these three steps, you are guaranteed to get hired.” There is no guarantee with employment. It is an art, not a science. It may require change after change after change, until you hit that niche. So, let’s start with some basics.
Can't think of one.
XEL-1 – Sony Turns On OLED TV
oak tree in next yard a jutting dog bone
that you make me go through.
Everything I used is written in the description box.
‘Mmmn? PC Walker. What can I do for you?’
Magnificent 100 year-old doors, derived from an old Mexican church,
Rice Flour - 1 tbsp
Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets,
A couple of years ago while talking to a group of design students at their orientation I remember saying " Its time to adopt an artisans family" be it a potter, a weaver, a sculptor or even a farmer to support thier activity to suppoort our lives.
As Day 1 of "Not Blogging" turned into days 4, 6, and 10, I began to realize that this bloggy break was good. Good for my soul. Good for my family. Good to actually give me time to pursue the design & decorating I love to do. Good for me to pursue another idea and dream. Just GOOD.
And then is heard no more: it is a tale
the beat of their
Veg (served with main AKA corner dishes)
When we lived in Beaver Valley, we didn’t have any radio, nor electricity. We used “Coal oil” lamps (Kerocene) and sometimes the Coleman lamp that used mantles… It burned much brighter, but was only used at special times as it cost more to burn.
GasLand is a documentary about hydrolic fracturing in america and the horrendous affect it has on the water system with reports of local people being able to light their tap water on fire because of the high concentration of natural gas in it.
Have you ever heard of a place called Bon Temps, Louisiana? If you have, then you have probably met Sookie Stackhouse and her on again off again boyfriend Bill Compton? What is so special about those two? Well, Bill is a vampire and Sookie is a telepath. She actually prefers to just be called a waitress. Why do we care who these people are? Well, they are some of the main characters in Charlaine Harris’ Sookie Stackhouse Series.
Use immediately; if caramel begins to harden reheat gently until pourable.
5. Focus and take action. This is called entering “the zone.” At this point, you’ve made it through steps 1-4 and all that remains is you and this task. You will dominate it. You will own it. You will make your attorneys consider you as a worthy recipient for the Paralegal Medal of Valor when all is said and done. After all, you are a paralegal. That’s what we do — we focus. We take action. We dominate tasks. Anything that stands between us and successfully accomplishing the task at hand better move aside or it will most certainly become a casualty of greatness. We are the elite. We are paralegals. Seal Team Six is rolling in to get the job done. Stand back. We have arrived.
Ive got a long way to go though, and sometimes people ask in bewilderment how I cope when I havent slept in 3 days before a uni submission. Honestly? I don’t know. I just do, and I probably always will. I once worked with a woman who was a Change Manager, she orchestrated policies to instigate workplace change, and when I asked her what the difference is between stubborn and receptive staff she said, ‘Resilience is the key’. She was right, and we can apply those few words to pretty much every aspect of our lives. Resilient people dont resist change, they go with it. I know personally, I just kept going, I took one pining look at my long term objective, fixed it in my mind and then put my head down and watched my feet take one step at a time. And suddenly, somehow, I stumbled here:
A fun little yarn that has the Angel team trying to protect various supernatural types from the Beast. They get a little help from Gwen Raiden, who was a fun addition to the season for the few episodes she appeared in.
The trees are having still green leafs everywhere, just a few trees with some
And, the ' let's not count 3 COUNTIES in Maine' because Willard was winning.
But, what should we be doing when we do more structured activities? I'm calling this our "school", even though I think that unstructured time is just as important. Playing with friends and going on outings are important too.
I hope everyone is doing great! I have been visiting around blog land to see what ideas I can borrow from others. There are some really creative people out there in blogland.
Paradise and Iron, Miles J. Breuer, 1930 – (novel) An artistic utopia seems to have been achieved with the help of machines.
Him: What's new with you?
An outline is a complete overview of the novel you intend to write. My first outline was seventeen pages long, not including my extra notes, and I wrote it in a furious one-hour brainstorming session. You don’t need to write seventeen pages (seriously, I had snippets of dialogue in that monstrosity), even only one page is fine, but you do need to write it. Writing an outline now will give you practice for that critical synopsis you’ll someday include in your proposal.
“Peter doesn’t seek to help Tony Abbott at all,” continued Mr Kroger. He didn’t seek to help Malcolm Turnbull at all (when he was Opposition Leader).”
The conversations all consisted of something similar to this:
Because the books are about young people he feels it’s important for the stories to have a small microcosmic world, because that’s how teens relate to their world – home is their area, the lanes, streets, rivers and trees in their immediate vicinity.
Refer back to the first part of this to see how to do the larger part of the desk. For the smaller part, you will attach it to the larger desk using your "L" brackets. I also attached the spindles (legs). There may have been an easier way, but this was how I did it. Then I used the smaller boards to put around the desk, just for looks.
When my alarm went off I dragged myself out of bed, got ready, and ate my usual English muffin with peanut butter. Jason and I met Kim and Steven in the hotel lobby and we left for the race around 6 AM. Due to the traffic we got to the start with only about 15 minutes to spare. While the national anthem played I wormed my way through the crowd and put myself near the 9:00 minute/mile pace sign. I picked out some people to try and stick with and, although the Garmin only said 6:59, the horn sounded and we were off.
In fact, no mention of anything negative about anyone except for members of the lacrosse team, despite the significance of this contextual information. And people wonder why the Brodhead administration has received criticism for throwing the players under the bus.
Today most of the credit to my work, my sanity and good health goes to her.
“I would agree that his scholarship should be reviewed as clearly he no longer demonstrates the same qualities he once was perceived to have. Perhaps this even prompts a more thorough review of the entire talent recruiting program from abroad to ensure that students offered scholarships are more holistic.”
Recently an opportunity came my way to break from my normal routine and just shoot thousands of frames with total freedom. No lighting, no complicated ratios, just open up that f-stop and hold down the shutter button! The opportunity was the chance to shoot and write an article for South Coast Magazine on the 2012 BNP Paribas Open. For me this is complete nirvana given that I’m a total tennis fanatic.
Dirtyphonics (live)
He watched and was lost to his realities.
Top with the goat cheese and bake for about 25-35 minutes or until the shell is nicely browned and the custard has set.
Dammit, everybody seems to have a blog, so I might as well too. But I've waited a long time. What to blog about? My kids? My wife tells better stories about the kids; wait for her blog. My work? I write for newspaper, my work is an archaic blog. My favorite sport? Yeah, because people's eyes don't already glaze over when I talk about track & field in person. What can I blog about that damn near 100% of everybody will talk to me about? Beer!
Crackle accents,
What's that all about then?
I’ve conducted hostile interviews like this before so I knew how to respond. I kicked my heels and Patrick found an extra gear.
Next I went to visit an old friend who wasn't very well. He had a particularly bad fit outside a local supermarket last week and ended up in hospital. His face was all bashed up and he seems to have injured his right hand. They're still not sure what is wrong with it and as he is right-handed, it's a real problem for him. I hope they find out what's wrong soon.
Fiction is driven by conflict. Period. Writing might be therapeutic, but it isn’t therapy. When a writer begins with a character thinking and internalizing that is another huge warning flag of a number of problems.
We spoke briefly about the distance I felt in between Jack and I. He reminded me that marriage takes work. Sometimes the same work over and over again. He reminded me of the effective way to communicate.
Once the studio was freshened up, again, I pulled out a painting that Natalie had suggested I finish. And, I did. I enjoy the piece, but find the format interesting for prints. I hope I find some use for it. I thought about ornaments, but circles don't cook well and turn into ovals. :/ Thus the reason you don't see circle ornaments in my shop.
And if that isn’t disturbing to you, then you really have no idea what is going on, do you?
That target layers of fracking are far below underground drinking water sources was never contested by Gasland. We don't know why fracking chemicals and fugitive natural gas are getting into water supplies, we just know that they are. Again, there has never been a thorough nationwide investigation by a highly qualified government agency. But that is beginning to change. The nine major fracking companies are currently being investigated by the U.S. Congress. The EPA has been examining water contamination in Pavillion, Wyoming for the past year and is now scoping a major two-year study of HF at the behest of Congress.
All I've learnt and lost with my heart I have to hang onto.
Mr. Lewis explains that in every walk of life there are unwritten systems, as described by Tolstoi in War and Peace. They begin in school, they extend to colleges, and they are in the work place as well. He goes on to say, “I must now make a distinction. I am not going to say that existence of Inner Rings is an evil. It is certainly unavoidable.”
Glory to the Spirit be
thousands of items they sell!
One of the ideas I liked the most was expressed by the Boat Car Guy, coming in the first ten minutes of the movie, a dream character who is driving a boat (but on the road) and starts his lines by saying ‘I feel like my transport should be an extension of my personality’. I liked his idea of ‘remaining in a state of constant departure while always arriving’.
But it is not race that propagates violence.
African language with 25 million
Low on energy? Amethyst is believed to replenish lost stamina and drive. It is often used to help stimulate cell growth, improve blood circulation, and heal wounds.
‘Many a mickle makes (or ‘maks’) a muckle’ is a curious Scottish saying of antiquity, although it is also common in the North of England and not entirely unknown elsewhere. It is derived from ‘A wheen o’ mickles mak’s a muckle’, and means ‘many of one thing make another, larger, thing’. A simple lesson, but one which needs restating; one must always look after the pennies. Source
A piece of advice I often see is, “Be moderate. Don’t have ice cream every night, but if you try to deny yourself altogether, you’ll fall off the wagon. Allow yourself to have the occasional treat, it will help you stick to your plan.”
which is pretty much what my hair felt like when I was done!
Which allowed me to use that money toward more *FUN* things! Yippieee!
She said he has denied involvement to police. She plans to interview him soon.
Hello everyone in blogland! Now that you have met our DT, it is time for our VERY FIRST CHALLENGE here at MILKCOFFEE CHALLENGE and we hope you will come play along with us! Our theme for this challenge is an easy one, ANYTHING GOES! So, make a creation and come play along!
They are in the cosy sitting room. Just Delia and Mr Plummer. It is of course a private lesson. Others in the choir are not deemed to need this extra tuition. But then others do not look like Delia. Not at all. Stunningly yellow-blonde, violet-blue eyed, with handsome, firmly chiselled features. And of course the rest of her. A stunning figure too, mouth-watering, which no doubt at this moment, were she at home at Summertime Cottage, Raymond the insatiable spouse would be grappling to get at even though it is only nine o'clock and what he wants is not proper for the lounge sofa (even, such is Raymond's depravity, the lounge floor) at nine o'clock in the evening.
The mechanism of the European injunction in favour of Community design owners allows Community design courts to prohibit the sale of a product potentially infringing a Community design, in the whole European Union territory, without examining the grounds for the claims (ie the validity of the design registered). As the German decision has not yet been published, we assume that the injunction was based on Article 85 of the Community Designs Regulation. The Regulation on Community designs requires that in proceedings for an alleged infringement action, the courts treat the Community design as valid (Article 85 of the Regulation). Validity can only be challenged through a counterclaim for a declaration of invalidity, or by way of counterclaim in so far as the defendant claims that the Community design could be declared invalid on account of an earlier national design right belonging to the defendant.
What I want
2. “My thoughts and prayers are with you” (A tired cliché)
And 101. I simply love to shake it.
1 border
I took that blissful opportunity – something I haven’t experienced since last summer in all likelihood – and did many things.
Sometimes I’d come home to find a small gift on the kitchen counter. Or a note would be left there, letting me know someone had borrowed a book or a garden tool.
So this entire series was based on the concept of telling a story without dialogue or captions (words do still appear in advertisements within in the comic, websites, TVs, or things the characters writer, but these are few and far between in the grand scheme of things).
Garlic paste- 1 tsp
So, a mostly good day (apart from
I think I got them excited about the guitar…
I’d like to say we enjoyed our lattes as we sat with all those ghosts, but honestly it was the second worst coffee I have had in my life. (First worst being at Prague’s airport.) I’d love to go back to see the caves, but I won’t be back for the coffee.
“Just when we thought things were getting better, with the unemployment rate below 8 percent, something like this hits,” he said.
I cannot wait until fall when our twins turn thirteen. I hear it gets much easier.
prepare a box of lemon pudding and chill. meanwhile, cut a small indentation (hole) out of each cupcake, reserving all the hole tops. spoon in a small amount of pudding and gently place each top back on, don't press down. dust with powdered sugar and serve to grateful guests.
We also don't know - yet - what happened to Russ Jeske, the long-time co-host of WTAM's "Golf Show" on weekends alongside Gary Trivisonno.
The debate over the Government’s ‘workfare’ program increased in intensity early in 2012. Again, it seemed that, as long as businesses had an added incentive to hire people, nothing else mattered. Most recently, by hitting parents in the pocket, increasing fines for truancy is hoped to be the most effective way to keep children in school.
juice of l lime
In case you’re wondering where the Virgin Islands group got its name, you can thank Christopher Columbus and his crew. They were the first Europeans to see these islands and named the island group “Once Mil Virgenes”, or Eleven Thousand Virgins, in honor of the feast day of Saint Ursula and the 11,000 virgins who were martyred with her.
I had a few people over for a BBQ.
One of the most inspiring figures I’ve met while covering Congo’s brutal civil war is a determined Polish nun in the terrifying hinterland, feeding orphans, standing up to drunken soldiers and comforting survivors — all in a war zone. I came back and decided: I want to grow up and become a Polish nun.
All the pages are made up in the same way. I have used the heart die cut on the front cover. I also used the heart to give me the size of each page. I have attached some lengths of ribbon, which are partly hidden under the layers, to close the book.
Come back to this here blog and comment and PLEASE LEAVE YOUR E-MAIL address! That way I can let you know if you win!
The day ended with me asleep on the couch with a fever and the shits that I picked up from the lovely four children that we hang out with downstairs. Needless to say I’m incredibly grateful that I don’t have to work today.
The effectiveness of such measures, implemented in concert by an angry populace and a determined government, could convince many Muslims that Islam’s time in Europe was drawing to a close, inducing large numbers to leave. Given that they would no doubt be accompanied by a good deal of freelance hostility towards Muslims, they could be very effective indeed. However, there would almost certainly be many who would stay, whether due to a genuine attachment to their host countries, their appreciation of the hideousness of their own countries, or a desire to fight it out. After all, the growing hostility to Muslims in Europe does not yet seem to have dampened their desire to live there.
In the same way, as an employee in an organization, be diligent; commit
Nor could the scroll contain the whole,
I had the chance to purchase the book right after Christmas, thank you Grandpa and Grammie, and give it a read. At that time, I was working on a part of a book which takes place in an insane Asylum. I fell in love with the book. Not only did I realize the choice of DiCaprio and Ruffalo were the perfect actors to play Teddy and Chuck, but the book is unbelievable in its style, wordsmithing, and descriptions. The setting is creepy beyond belief. The story grabs you around the neck and then pummels you with blow after blow until you finish it.
That washes away my pain
So just tip your head back a little for me. Move your hair away from your neck. That’s right. It won’t hurt. Not for long, at least.
At that moment everyone was intrigued by this fact. The greatest Briton of all time… a wartime hero… Prime Minister several times… born in a ladies’ loo. And guess what? For the first time in the course, my awkward young man was interested too. In fact, he couldn’t help himself.
Simply Saline Spray $0.00 (Simply saline are bogo)
When the wounds seem to overtake you
He is a confident, laughing, sensitive, kind, sociable little boy – supremely happy to have had his friends at his party to celebrate his birthday with him. He is becoming a leader in his own right: a child others listen to and follow (and this endorsed by his teachers, not just mom’s biased fond opinion alone).
Cut 48 1 and 1/2 inch circles from pie crust with a biscuit cutter or glass.
Saturday, I will be flying off to Africa for close to a month. My friend Judy and I will be hiking up the African sacred mountain Kilimanjaro with a guide and a couple of porters, sleeping in tents for 10 days as we are taking the long route to the summit. My husband will then meet me for a "safari'' through various Tanzanian parks, and finally off to Zanzibar where I hope to find small interesting artifacts and furniture for my showroom Interieurs, and finally to Pemba Island for some rest and swimming. As I am reading "Memoirs of an Arabian Princess from Zanzibar", I feel transported to a vision of Oman and Zanzibar . I hope to capture some of the scents, traditions, architecture of these times gone by.
On the way home, Helena asked a lot of tough questions, prefacing her thoughts with the statement that I must know something about Lauren’s situation since I know a lot of stuff about cancer.
﻿﻿It was a great game with a great, albeit lucky, play/block at the end of the game. It's a great rivalry and it's too bad that it won't be the last game of the season anymore. See you in September? GO UTES!! F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E WOOO!!!! Until next year Cougars and Gators!
The guests pay a deeply discounted sitting fee per child of only $50. Plus, all proceeds from the session go towards Erin's work with the American Child Photographers Charity Guild. Parents are complimentary and encouraged to be in some of the images.
This is a long review of a long book. As someone who likes things to end, I might have reservations about a book which doesn’t end for a long time. And Slocum likes things to end too: ”I have never felt only sadness at the death of a friend or relative … Always there has been simultaneously a marked undercurrent of relief, a release, a secret, unabashed sigh of ‘Well at least that’s over with now, isn’t it?’” As Something Happened gets to, and then past, the bit where something happens (page 562 of 569 in my edition), there is more than a marked undercurrent of relief. This is a maddening, magnificent book where the exhausting length is both inexcusable – page after page the same! – and unavoidable. It’s too long, too much – of course it is! A life like this? A page of this is too much; six hundred not enough.
Paul was successful in provoking those Jews to jealousy. They were jealous in that Gentiles were being saved apart from them. They were jealous that Gentiles no longer had to be circumcised. They were jealous that Gentiles were pleasing God apart from the Law of Moses. They were jealous that Gentiles no longer had to come to Jerusalem and worship in the temple. That is what God intended as seen in Romans 11:11. Through Israel’s fall “salvation is come unto the Gentile, for to provoke them to jealousy.”
Trousers - Mustard, Soft Khaki, Warm Grey 4
This cannot be good. Does anyone know what this means as far as my electricity is concerned? Obviously, I won't turn on this particular light, but do I need to worry about turning anything else on in the same circuit? Seeing as how I have no idea what fixtures are on what circuit - this may be difficult, but I can probably guesstimate in the name of not blowing a fuse.
In New York, Occupy Wall Street will join scores of labor organizations observing May 1, traditionally recognized as International Workers’ Day. They plan marches from Union Square to Lower Manhattan and a “pop-up occupation” of Bryant Park on Sixth Avenue, across the street from Bank of America’s Corp.’s 55-story tower.
Ever wondered why your older relatives always have the pretty address labels or the note paper with their name printed on it? Chances are good they received those items as free gifts… along with a request to donate for whatever the cause might be.
The above guideline is by GERC.
How's that going for ya?
What is it that makes some kids story turn out well? Of course a dedicated case worker, the right services, a committed family and a hope-filled kid all add to a successful outcome. But what I hear again and again throughout the office… it’s in the match. When the right kid is placed with the right foster family and an emotional connection is made, magic happens. Suddenly, the family wants to fight for their foster child, the foster child feels like a part of the family in ways they didn’t in others. Foster parents and their foster kids just become parents and kids. Sometimes these “matches” are carefully planned out by a team of professionals. And sometimes, they are accidental. We’ve seen numerous foster children placed in a home for temporary respite end up finding a forever family! No one predicted these “magic matches” to happen, but they did. We shake our heads and wonder how we can recreate or duplicate this kind of permanent connection for all of our kids. They all deserve to click with a group of people they can call their family. If only we could come up with a tried and true formula, we would build families as quick as we could. But the most we can do is get to know our foster parents and kids and pray that we bring them together as lifelong connections. Permanent families. A perfect match.
Great globs of creamy icing flew across my counters and migrated to my hair.
When Travis moved into my old apartment with me, he had lots of comic books (I still don't know how many large tupperwares he had of comics - my last count was 5 and he had well over 2,500 comics), movies, heavy furniture and a kitty. Mixing 2 people's things together (for life never the less) who are quite different can be a little challenging. Naturally I figured none of my 'stuff' would need to be minimized or simplified. Wrong-o!
Lil woke up again at 5, so I went in to feed her.
Well, I figured this would be a good time to try out my neighbor's new discipline method. Here's how it went...
Emma slowly began to lose control of her arms and upper torso and by June 2008 at the tender age of two she was unable to breathe on her own and was taken to the PICU (Pediatric Intensive Care Unit).
Observation Number Five: Knowledge or real ale is dismal in this state. Don't ask me again if I'm using a nitro tap.
Tickled Pink Stamps is an Australian based online company that stocks a range of popular and well sought after stamps from many companies all over the world and is always so excited to be supplying you with everything cute, quirky and PINK... They now have their very own Lil Lolita and Lil Lads along with the cute Lil Pinkette range.
Reg Presley encounters porn and (shock!) approves, while minimalist guitar master Chris Britton riffs on Joe Meek’s staircase, and Ronnie Bond thumps between pulls on the jug. A Rock masterpiece is born. No kidding.
I am not driving at the moment and have loaned out my car. I had to turn down supply work which, I have to say, pretty much broke my heart but there you go. If you haven't the strength to hold a cup of tea and can barely limp to the washing line well a classroom full of busy under fives is clearly not your niche :)
“We hope people will join our Doing Nation and have some fun with these great outdoor projects,” said Craig Menear, executive vice president-merchandising, The Home Depot, and chairman of The Home Depot Foundation’s Board of Directors. “We offer great values every day at The Home Depot, but now we’re taking it a step further – we’re giving consumers the power to donate up to $600 each to support our nation’s veterans using our money.”
was a two-time member of
When a sick soul stoops
A truly formative experience was his stint as assistant to the Davenport Brothers, the most famous spiritualists of their day. These were the same Davenport Bros. who invented the so-called “spirit cabinet”, wherein a restrained subject would be placed alongside a lot of bells and chalkboards and similar objects. When the lights were put out, the bells would ring, the chalkboard would be written on, etc. The secret – duh – is that the subject would slip out of the restraints in the dark, ring the bell, write on the chalkboard and so forth. It was in imitation of the Davenports that Houdini first developed his escapology, and it was in rejection of the Davenports that he later mounted his anti-spiritualism campaign. Note: the Davenports were NOT magicians. They did not claim to be skilled illusionists performing feats of dexterity. They claimed to be spiritualists, conjuring actual spirits. Therefore, though Kellar was their assistant, he was not made privy to their secret, or even told that there was one. He figured it out on his own anyway. By performing several experiments on his own, he was able to replicate the Davenports’ effects. He then partnered up with the Davenport’s announcer William Melville Fay and they began to tour their own show, hitting Canada and South America in the years 1873-75. A shipwreck on the return trip destroyed all of the props for the act and a fortune in gems and coins the men had collected during their travels. Fay returned to the Davenports.
Candy Filling
New York: May 24, 1944
In the rush for the next destination, not many would overnight in Picton. I was totally clueless about Picton during my first trip to New Zealand.
5. Because of ignorance Paul, prior to his conversion, was a blasphemer, persecutor, and was injurious (1 Tim. 1: 13).
When daisies pied and violets blue
Scripps Birch Aquarium, La Jolla
'Sounds really Boring,' said Youngest.
OBAMA: Thank God. What a blowhard! I wonder who’s going to bore me next?
Ok I know it’s been a while since I last posted. But I’ve had my reasons. The major one was that I pinched a nerve/pulled a muscle in my neck/shoulder. Which did not make me a happy camper for more that a week! A lot of heat patches and a few muscle relaxers later I feel amazing! As you also know I also I’ve been temping at a local non-prophet for the last two months. Needless to say I’ve been tired when I get home! But I’m getting my energy back, sort of.
And more often than not users do more than what they say, so it’s important to maintain that connection as a means to improve the service being proffered.
“But what he thinks he knows isn’t necessarily the truth.” He picked up his lit cigar from the ashtray and puffed. “He doesn’t know about the other mentally-ill women Devlin recruited from your precious homeless shelters, if that’s what you’re worried about. So you can rest at ease. Your daughter will never know her father–the great philanthropic senator–was involved in baby stealing.”
I'm missing my crafting partner in crime Candace!
After a few more hours, we got closer to Athens. Unfortunately we got there around rush hour on a Friday so it took a little longer to get into the city but it was entertaining sitting in traffic too. We found the rental car place back by the airport to turn it back in (there was no need to keep it in Athens with the public transportation & lack of parking spots). We found a cab & had to wait in line for a minute & then had him take us to our hotel. Being in a cab made me glad that we had dropped off the car. Just the way everyone drives & being so inpatient did not seem like a fun city to drive in.
Nowadays our ‘neck of the woods’ seem to be teeming with them.
Was it the panache of your scent that got me masked
Will everybody just sit down and STFU until all the facts are out?
It was for their own good, for goodness sake!
so today i’m going to post two Saturday Favorites posts from the last two weeks.
Archangel Gabriel Is also one of the best Archangels to call upon when you want to become creative, be more creative, or if you are an artist of any kind. Years ago, I remember conducting a Reading for a man named Michael. He is a fine artist, and he was commissioned by a writer to illustrate the cover of one of his books with an image of the Archangel Gabriel. The synchronicities were astounding! Also, several years ago, an actor came to me for a Reading. I distinctly remember telling her that calling upon Archangel Gabriel would not only help her get better auditions, but ones that could lead to paying gigs. The last time I saw her, she had just completed a one-and-a-half year paying acting job in the theatre.
Why do they bounce? Why the fuck do I have to capitalize?
Incident 1. Incident 1 was more of a conversation, because I didn't see anything. This is how it went.
My next appointment is Friday, February 3. I got my Gestational Diabetes test results back, and I passed with flying colors. WOO HOO – bring on the King Cake! Everything else checked out A-OK, too, with the exception of the anemia test. I’m slightly anemic. This isn’t really a big surprise as I was the same way with Anna. I just have to take Iron supplements for the remainder of my pregnancy. No biggie. This would explain my fatigue. Or maybe it’s just being pregnant in general that makes me tired. I’ll blame it on the anemia.
Though most of his career was spent in Westerns, Tom Tyler will always be best known for his portrayal of the original Captain Marvel in the Republic Serial, THE ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN MARVEL (1941). AOCM was the first big screen depiction of a comic book super hero, let alone having him ‘fly’. Though very different from the comic incarnation, the basics were still there – the Wizard, Billy Batson saying, “SHAZAM!”, and the costume. He also played the Mummy, Kharis, in THE MUMMY’S HAND (1940), cast because of his profile & dark eyes resembling Boris Karloff’s under the bandages. Though he’d continue to play more Western roles after AOCM, he returned to the world of comic heroes, by starring in Columbia’s serialization of Lee Falk’s THE PHANTOM (1943). This would be his last major screen role, as his career was reduced to lesser, supporting parts due to suffering from rheumatoid arthritis. The Ghost Who Walks walked into the mist for the last time on this date in 1954, at the age of 50.
I'm sorry I've been slacking at updating this blog on Fridays. Things are starting to get more hectic the closer it gets to Jaxon's due date. We now officially have less than 4 weeks until little man's arrival!! I can't believe it! As each week passes I feel him get hiccups more often which is a good sign that he's practicing his breathing just like he should be. I feel so bad because his hiccups last at least 5 minutes! Poor thing, I'm sure they shake his entire body too.
Who has come
But nuclear experts, including Arnie Gundersen, a former nuclear industry senior vice president who coordinated projects at 70 U.S. nuclear power plants, and warned days after the disaster at Fukushima last year of a “Chernobyl on steroids” if the spent fuel pools were to ignite, strongly disagreed with this assessment.
Thanks a lot,
The Derry contingent regularly meet in Peader’s to watch the matches. Pre-game pub in Glasgow has always been Haughians (or Hagies as it is now). Red Stripe (cans of) are the beverage of choice for most of the JCCSC contingent.
or finding time for me...
Every year, on the first Saturday in May – just after the other global stoner gathering, 4/20 – potheads and drug law reformers gather in cities around the world for the Global Marijuana March (GMM).
"Wow," he laughed.
Today, in 76 CE, was the birth of Publius Aelius Hadrianus, better known to us as Hadrian, the Divus Augustus without whom none of the present blog, the Ekklesía Antínoou, and the cultus of Antinous–or, indeed a great deal in the world and the course of history most likely–would have been possible. It would be a vast understatement to say that, even though Antinous is the recipient of the majority of the cultus and divine honor given in my own practices, Hadrian is by far the more important individual figure in terms of its existence, propagation, and flourishing. If Antinous had not been Hadrian’s eromenos, he never would have gone with him to the Eastern Empire, and he probably wouldn’t have been initiated at Eleusis, and he most certainly wouldn’t have hunted the Mauretanian lion near Alexandria, and he most certainly wouldn’t have drowned in the Nile. And, if at least the latter had happened, it is certain that Antinous would have received minor cultus in Egypt as all Nile-drowned individuals did; but, because he was so importantly and emotionally attached to the Emperor Hadrian, he would not have received the Empire-wide honors that he did, even in his hometown of Bithynion-Claudiopolis.
In the beginning of this article three periods were identified through the discourse on rock. Authenticity was the paradigm of the period 1965-80 and therefore the preceding period can be called ‘pre-authentic’ and the following period ‘post-authentic’. However, this article shows that these periods are primarily to be found in ‘the realm of dominant ideas’. The ideology of authenticity articulated sensibility and attitudes that had followed rock from the beginning, and the ideology of inauthenticity is on the one hand a discovery of elements to be found in rock for decades and on the other hand it does not kill the intensified search for authenticity which is one feature of the late modern era.
You’re so beautiful and strong.”
11 a Yoga by CORA DANCE
I didn't take many photos while I was there because I was on a mission. The exhibition area was huge, with hundreds of vendors, so my goal was to make it through as many of the vendors as I could before I had to meet up with Dan again in a few hours. I only took three photos and they were of items I thought were nice but didn't end up buying. For example, I loved this telescope on a tripod, but at nearly $300, it was well beyond my price range.
Not tonight. It is now 1:00 in the morning.
I kept my distance so you would be free,
I could make the almost irresistible mother-baby analogy here, but I’ll resist that. It’s been so done. Even so, the book has truly been a labor of love. However, I believe that every bit of the effort has been worth it. I’ve come out of this a more informed and better author. And I’ll know WAY more about what I’m doing when I release the next book.
It would be perfectly possible for John to say that he disagrees with gay marriage, and that he will never personally recognise any gay marriage as valid, and even to argue and counsel against it – while still acknowledging others’ right to decide their own futures and their right to be treated equally under law. He does not do this. He supports, and would vote to keep, the law forcing his belief on others.
7. Also, being, informed is an essential characteristic of a successful soul winner. This is seen by a study of Philip, one of the greatest soul winners of all times (Acts 8: 26-40). He “began at the same scripture and preached unto him (Eunuch) Jesus.” This he could not have done without a knowledge of the scriptures.
-One Winner will win (1) One Tilda Stamp and (1) One Edwin Stamp of their choice from Magnolia-licious
Height: 5'5"
When I first received the Symphony charm pack (it was a giveaway win) I wasn't sure what I was going to do with it. It didn't really seem like my kind of fabric and the colours didn't appeal to me. I decided to use it for this pattern because I wasn't sure how the pattern would turn out, and if it didn't work I hadn't wasted a fabric I loved. The more I worked with this fabric though, the more I found such lovely colours and patterns. It's such a shame I can't get more of it now! The teal I chose for the sashings matches one of the colours in the prints and now I love teal!
they meant so much to me
Sometimes the damn thing would have it's tongue sticking out too! Wow, that really made people "stop and stare" if you know what
Dorsal flexion =place your toes by bending your ankle causing the toes to move towards the head.
6. Add heavy cream and kasuri methi, stir, and cook it on low heat for 2-3 minutes.
the one on the right needs finishing off
This week my husband was admitted to the hospital with Appendicitis, had surgery last Monday and stayed at the hospital until Thursday, it has been tough on him, definately he is getting old (don't tell him I said that ;0)) but I am so grateful that we have health insurance and he was able to get this surgery done on time and without any complications. So this week I really have a better appreciation for Health Insurance!
So if a picture of me shows up on that website, here's what you'll probably see:
who has left a shape of air walking in their place.
I hope you aren't ill?
Wasn't I scared? No. I wasn't scared. I was excited.
I’m surrounded by liberal Bay Area mothers. Most of them are middle class middle age white women born in the United States. Almost everyone is married, and their husbands are usually middle-class and middle age, white and born in this country. Men and women spent their twenties and typically a part of their thirties in school, pursuing white-collar careers and/or being an artiste. Not every mother around here chooses feminist as her primary identity marker, but if asked if they are feminist, most would say yes. I don’t think any of them would have anything negative to say about NOW.
Its worth the hunt for the unique elements of the 3rd disc and the strength of the first, the second disc is kind of anonymous for that period, but i feel that the concert is better captured on December's Black Children.
Spring is in the air and the flowers are starting to explode all over Compass Pointe! With the construction of the Grand Lanai progressing we are gearing up for a great spring season! To kick off the season we are hosting a get away weekend so that you can experience the great Compass Pointe lifestyle. During the last two weekends of April Compass Pointe will be featuring our largest selection of premier golf homesites! Join us for four days and three nights at the beautiful beachfront Blockade Runner where you will get a taste of the warm sand, cold drinks, and laid-back beach lifestyle of Compass Pointe. We will be having a private cocktail reception hosted by our developer where you can mingle with other future residents and get familiar with all Compass Pointe and Wilmington have to offer.
Slytherins are “cunning” and “use any means to achieve their ends”. This is the House that Voldemort was in. Also, most of his Death Eaters are from Slytherin. I think Slytherins are a bit like Ravenclaws. They’re definitely clever, but usually in an evil way. Basically, they figure out a way to get whatever they want, which is mostly evil, but sometimes not. I feel a bit like a Slytherin. I think it would be cool to be an evil genius. Slytherins are sneaky, too, and I think that’s cool as well.
Our hotel was in Times Square so we were fortunate enough to be sooo close to many things. First night we saw the excitement of Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, and where they film Dave Letterman's Late Show. We decided to eat at Angelo's next to Dave Letterman's and experience our first New York pizza. The food was amazing! I ate pizza quite a few times while I was there and this was the best for sure! I almost forgot to mention the celebrities we saw!!! We saw Barbara Walters and Kathy Griffin at the opening of Evita and two doors down from our hotel we saw Rascal Flatts! Lol I was definitely not a smooth New Yorker in those moments! I was pretty excited!
cars are sludge and grime on the dual carriageway -
*In the survey, participants were asked to give their demographic info (age, location, occupation, employment status, relationship status and sexual preference) and then rank the following qualities in order of importance when evaluating a potential mate: Looks, Personality/Sense of Humor, Job/Salary, Intelligence/Education, and Good in Bed. Then they were asked to answer the same question according to how they think their opposite sex would respond (this question was added after the survey launched so 10% of participants did not get to answer this question).
Right now I am thinking of various mental health bloggers who deserve a wider audience. Here’s hoping half my blogroll makes an appearance in Jon Swift’s self-selected personal bests for Election Year 2008! I’ll be clicking along with my Christmas toddy, in solidarity, basking in the plenitude of complimentary hits.
Tacoma ended up going 3-5 on the first leg of this road stretch. The Rainiers dropped three of four in Fresno, but were able to get a split in Sacramento due to some incredible pitching in the middle games of the series.
Happy Thursday Peeps!
To make ridiculous claims as EC’s chairperson Abdul Aziz Yusof did in an interview with a Chinese daily, Sin Chew Jit Poh, which appeared on April 21 has further strengthened the rakyat’s belief that the EC is a “no brainer”, its existence dictated by the “powers-that-be”.
The wiry officer pulled a plastic bag out of his pants pocket and approached the gun. He faltered and let out a little shriek when the stone burst and flew right at his face. “What the fuck,” Jackson reached for his own gun.
The astronomers' findings are being published in Astrophysical Journal and were announced by the National Science Foundation on Wednesday.
There is a character in each of the three volumes that parallels what Guy is going through in that volume and must be exorcised -- part of his false vision of the war. In “Men at Arms” this character is Apthorpe; he and guy arrive at the training facility together, he is of similar age (they are referred two as “the uncles” by the younger recruits). Apthorpe claims to have been soldiering for years in Africa (which was false -- an attempt to gather false honour), he is “the man of action”. Apthorpe gets promoted and leads a company before Guy.
Right, he was a no good cheating snake because she was the ice queen. She had come to believe it for a long while. But tonight. . . Tonight she was nearly there when Zane merely kissed her. She lay back on the bed imagining if things had progressed further with Zane.
For all the right reasons
The Sun does at least at the end of their story give space to the statement issued by Chindamo's solicitor, which outlines his remorse and gives an indication as to how he intends to continue to atone for his crime. It doesn't however make mention of the how the deputy prison governor at Ford considered Chindamo to be one of the very few prisoners he had encountered who had genuinely made a change for the better, who if given a chance "would prove himself worthy of trust", probably for the reason that he tried to get the hearing held behind closed doors because of the press coverage of his day release.
I'd rather be happy than rich. Being happy means I'm grateful for things, even if they appear small or unusual to others. Doing the Happy List like this makes me sit and think about the good things I have in life, even if some days all I can think of is television, or that Ian didn't spit up straight down the middle of my shirt that morning. So here it is, this week's Happy List!
Unsure if she wants me in her pussy but she has no choice
Then both parent and child have much more freedom to enjoy living and learning with each other.
3 teaspoons of brown sugar
I’m not sure if I’m getting used to this but I hope that I don’t have to. As anyone who experienced emesis knows that it is painful and quite uncomfortable. You just wanted to go and sleep all of it away (yet, here I am still at work).
Before I even start a grumble/excuse. blogger has redesigned itself. And no doubt once I have got to grips with it, I will fully appreciate all its new features. Its just that inbetween time when I will make a terrible hash of things this blog will be a bit dreadful. So as the wonderful actress says on TV's Miranda 'Bear With'..
So, pictured below is the example of the PERFECT gift from the PERFECT Secret Santa.
God’s Word, you began to say, “God, give me souls; help me win more people to
May 15 — May 23
2 tablespoons minced onion
the cared for becoming the caretaker.
Oh well, I´m off to eat dinner!
Osnos, a staff writer for the New Yorker magazine living in Beijing, describes the “awkward anniversary in China” that marked the day of the 2011 Peace Prize announcement. One year on from the award to imprisoned dissident writer Liu Xiaobo, China’s embarrassment and anger with the Peace Prize Committee runs counter to its obsession with hooking its first Nobel Prize to a domestic-based scientist. It’s a short post but filled with lovely detail from someone on the ground, so it provides a great sense of China’s singular determination to distinguish itself and be recognized for its accomplishments.
The National Association of Realtors and Remodeling magazine publisher Hanley Wood surveys remodeling and exterior replacement projects as part of its annual Remodeling Cost vs. Value report.
Miranda Gamble...Elaine Barstow
God’s purpose and grace was given us in Jesus before the world began. Now, when you are moving to create an entirely different creation than has previously existed — when you as God move in Genesis to create a “new realm of creation”… there is a reason for you doing so. Persons have “deduced” that God created man in response to the devil and his angels falling. That God created man as a separate race in order to give a new race power to choose God, and to “play out a conflict on earth” between God and Satan relative to man and man’s choice of God. There really is no reason to think this. It”s just an assumption based on human reason and partial light of God’s Word (knowing that God created man, man fell, and a battle is ensuing on earth between God and Satan relative to man and this creation). Let’s lay aside our own human assumptions and do a “deep dive” into the Word of God — a short “deep dive” into God’s Word — to hear God reveal the answer in part. Then, let us be transformed by the renewing of our mind as we give up our own concepts arrived at through conjecture, human deduction, and assumption — and let us gain the spirit of wisdom and revelation as we reject our own thoughts separate of God and receive His thoughts as our thinking from His Word.
www.KarinaGentinetta.1stdibs.com
Hi everyone! Whew.....it's been busy around here! Wild tornado weather, baseball tournaments, long work stretches.......certainly makes for no time to stamp. I've missed it! I did sneak in some time a few weeks ago to make some Christmasy cards for the Papercrafts Holiday Cards and More submission call. I am VERY happy to say that I will be IN this issue! Yippee! This is a first for me and Papercrafts and I couldn't be more ecstatic!
In other words, Governor Romney suggested that a lot more strategic effort was needed to defeat the global jihad rather than just wasting time and money chasing one man. Here's a bit more:
Warmists and skeptics alike know that eddying ocean currents in the Pacific have a big influence on temperatures and precipitation in Pacific-bordering countries and elsewhere. The two major eddies are customarily dubbed el nino and la nina. So Warmists want to point to them as having a slowly increasing cooling influence to offset an underlying slow warming over the last 15 years. And the article below tries to put bones on that unlikely theory.
Speaking of rewards, I wonder if they’ll add a new barter currency to further make use of the upgraded barter wallets. This and the notion that the North Downs might once again become a desirable quest pack to purchase might be driving the renovations from the LOTRO store side. In fact, this could be part of a larger revamp of the North Downs, but that may be stretching it. I’d just be happy if they make levels 39-44 a little easier like they did for the 30s with Evendim.
Lucian Msamati plays Kayode an Nigerian born British MP who’s just lost his seat in the elections due to him not understanding and losing touch with his voters (very topical at the moment) and creating controversy by throwing accusations at his opponent. So with the encouragement of his friend Fola, but against the wishes of wife’s (Rita) he runs home to Nigeria to hide and think about what his next move will be.
the period 1988-2002. The results from a simple OLS model
MRT Corp subsequently made an offer for Jalan Sultan property owners to vacate their premises for six months, and guaranteeing there would be no land acquisition, that any damage will be repaired and loss of income compensated.
- Detect Lies
See, I always wanted to do it cute. But, the thing is, when you can barely feel your legs, you've been expelling all sorts of fluids out of your body for the last 20 minutes and you're shaking, you can't really hide it. And I couldn't really stay in the bathroom much longer without Dan starting to wonder if the toilet ate me. So I walked out in literal emotional shock and just said "Daaaaaannnn....." and showed him the test. That's literally all I could muster.
To be fair, when that encouragement is there and the intelligence is solid and can be moved upon, Ukraine does actually act competently and aggressively. Whenever an external law enforcement actor assists in one way, shape or form, Ukraine can be relied upon to act. Unfortunately, unless that mountain will come to Mohamed, Mohamed rarely goes to the mountain for want of a better analogy, and little if anything is actually done that relates to actual decisive results otherwise.
To serve, flip slices so caramel layer is on top. Serve with berries and real maple syrup if desire.
HDL - 32
One last thing...
Maybe I should test whether I get different tunes if I press the 'Sport' button instead of leaving the car in 'Comfort' setting?
I touch my face, run my fingers through my hair and place my cigarette between my shredded and tender lips. I hope that I’ve still got it?
If you have any stuff (relics or autos) and you want to sell, then i'll also strongly consider, but I'd like to accomplish as much by trade as possible. Just buying the complete set seems like a cheap way to do it after all. Let me know!
This is not to say that Ancient Israel actually believed that the Davidic King was literally begotten through the normal human process of conception.[12] The word “today,” in Ps. 2:7 (“today I have begotten you”) necessarily excludes this idea since it is not a reference to conception or birth; but neither should the metaphorical language of literal procreation be set on the shelf. Peter Craigie says, “‘I have begotten you’ is metaphorical language; it means more than simply adoption, which has legal overtones, and implies that a ‘new birth’ of a divine nature took place during the coronation.”[13] Nevertheless, since that “new birth” took place at coronation and not conception, adoption terminology is moderately appropriate. To summarize, Yahweh is portrayed as King of the universe, and the anointed one is his visible regent (Ps. 2:8-9, 12). Ruling the universe is no small task, and mere appointment will not suffice to equip one for such an undertaking. Rather, through the divine investiture of sonship that is metaphorically portrayed as physical parentage, the King is imbibed with the ascribed honor and wherewithal required to rule the world.
Amongst those arrested included a Malaysiakini photojournalist whose camera and memory card was confiscated whilst the memory card of another photographer was destroyed by policemen upon his refusal to delete his shots of the fiasco.
Treasure Hunter claims to have found the body of
So, I’m going to read it. I want to try to figure out why it has become so big and if it’s worthy of the hype. And it’s only book one of an erotic trilogy. I wonder if they will make these books into a film franchise to rival Twilight? Umm … maybe not a franchise for teens.
1. Yukio Ohta & His Humming Birds - Villa 88
As use of traditional Chinese medicine has increased steadily in the West, many allopathic physicians have needed to understand the intricacies of the practice and to know how to deal with adverse reactions to herbal remedies.
Andrew and his girlfriend left early for a party, Preston went to bed at his normal time and the four of us left decided to ring in the New Year Eastern Standard Time with some sparkling cider and call it a night.
2. Discuss with your family and household member about disaster measures:
The morning started out a little hazy and we learned that the higher the elevation, the less vegetation, as the air is thinner and cooler the higher we go.
I hate this kid. I hate every bratty, spoiled, entitled thing about him. At a time when families are losing their homes, unable to pay medical bills, and worrying how they're going to put food on the table, I—as a parent—am supposed to give a shit that my kid doesn't think our family car is cool enough?
He could entertain himself all day with shoes and puzzles.
Letter A
I don’t have a home server setup at the moment so I need to repurpose an old mac to act as my Git repository server while my home network issues were getting resolved. the first step is to enable the SSHd Damon on your mac.
A work of art in the form of a custom built motorbike decorated by Perry and incorporating a shrine for his teddy bear-god Alan Measles, also features prominently in the exhibition. Perry took Alan and the motorbike on a pilgrimage to Germany. The young Perry and Measles had fought many imaginary battles with German soldiers and so, he felt, it was the right thing to do - an act of peace-making. It also, very cleverly I thought, gave the bike a "backstory" not unlike many of the artefacts in the Museum which so interested the artist.
I had never tried anything other than diamonds or triangles in pick-up before, and had never tried pick-up on a rigid heddle or any other loom but an inkle, so the entire project was an exercise in exploration. It was fun, of course. I managed to weave two hearts that I’m not completely happy with, and a fish that I am. I finished the whole thing off today, and did the finish with a Philippine edge instead of knots. The Philippine edge is as flat as the rest of the runner.
Sophie Aldred - the Doctor's companion Ace, takes a candid look back at her time in Doctor Who, in Issue 445 of Doctor Who Magazine.
3) Equality for all ethnicities and faiths in all aspects
Two: You will experience a painful sharpening from time to time, by going through various problems in life, but you'll need it to become a stronger person.
Before. The air was thick with a bass chorus.
Real Talk vs. Spine of Deathwing
I love that there was a diagonal wood pattern in this paper pad. It allowed me to make each card different in orientation as well as color. I'm thinking about making some more of these cards, I think they would look so sweet packaged up together as a gift.
while at the same time, viewing this woman, one of the heros of my world........
NASA’s Cassini spacecraft has “sniffed” molecular oxygen ions around Saturn’s icy moon Dione for the first time, confirming the presence of a very tenuous atmosphere. The oxygen ions are quite sparse – one for every 0.67 cubic inches of space (one for every 11 cubic centimeters of space) or about 2,550 per cubic foot (90,000 per cubic meter) – show that Dione has an extremely thin neutral atmosphere.
A couple of years ago we had blogged about the controversial Kenyan Anti-Counterfeit Act that had been passed in 2008. At that time, I had written that its broad definition of counterfeits would include generics and would be severely problematic:
The wedding invitations shall go out soon. All I'm waiting on is a confirmation on the date. Oh, and a proposal from a prospective groom.
It didn't take long for me to realize how much I'd missed it, and then determine to never let it go. Ever. Again.
My favourite painting from the recent trip to Rome was one Lena and I discovered at the "Castel Sant’Angelo". The castle was jam packed with tourists as we'd found ourselves there in the middle of culture week and all the large State owned museums & sites were free. Everyone seemed intent on simply getting to the top and then just as quickly getting back down again to the bottom. We were transported through the castle by a continuous flow of people and found a rare and quiet spot somewhere near the top where this painting hung in its' newly restored state. I still can't quite work out why no one was stopping to look at this absolute gem painted by Guercino called "Marte Furibondo Ritenuto da un Amorino" which literally translated means "Mars furious, is restrained by Cupid" or more usually "When love stops war".
About 180 women recruited to date for study
While it's too early to tell for sure now, I would hazard a "no". After only being in theatres it opened decently at #3, now by the same token Scream opened small and word of mouth helped it say afloat for weeks at the box office while it gained momentum in 1996. But a game changer requires a big box office for the industry to see it as a financially viable investment. With CITW word of mouth and good reviews (it's currently at 92% on Rotten Tomatoes) it could well pick up again. However, in the last few years there has been a resurgence of Meta-Horror-Films such as Tucker and Dale Vs. Evil, Behind the Mask, The Innkeepers... So the "game-change" has already happened. If anything I think it will lead an audience to these already released films.
as a strange expression came across his face.
Speaking of bills, I've put our bills in a drawer.
I wonder how any of them can sleep at night.
months ago
So the Lord said to Moses, ‘Gather for me seventy of the elders of Israel, whom you know to be the elders of the people and officers over them; bring them to the tent of meeting, and have them take their place there with you. I will come down and talk with you there; and I will take some of the spirit that is on you and put it on them; and they shall bear the burden of the people along with you so that you will not bear it all by yourself. And say to the people: Consecrate yourselves for tomorrow, and you shall eat meat; for you have wailed in the hearing of the Lord, saying, “If only we had meat to eat! Surely it was better for us in Egypt.” Therefore the Lord will give you meat, and you shall eat. You shall eat not only one day, or two days, or five days, or ten days, or twenty days, but for a whole month—until it comes out of your nostrils and becomes loathsome to you—because you have rejected the Lord who is among you, and have wailed before him, saying, “Why did we ever leave Egypt?” ’ But Moses said, ‘The people I am with number six hundred thousand on foot; and you say, “I will give them meat, that they may eat for a whole month”! Are there enough flocks and herds to slaughter for them? Are there enough fish in the sea to catch for them?’ The Lord said to Moses, ‘Is the Lord’s power limited? Now you shall see whether my word will come true for you or not.’
The number of people still requiring emergency assistance in Somalia, Kenya, Ethiopia and Djibouti, according to FAO, stands at 9.5 million – down from 13.3 million in September last year.
This morning, I glimpsed pregnant knuckles of hydrangea twigs, though the cherry trees remain dead in the cold sun. I know their blossoms, as well the white plums and magnolias, will huddle over skies in a night. But for now, deep in the quietness of snow
Vicky
Sounds easy right but when you get right down to it you have to understand why you procrastinate… Yes there are reasons and even types of procrastination as I am learning. I have discovered that I am not just being “lazy” as I have always self judged myself to be on this topic. A lot of these reasons for me have to do with self-doubt, fear of failure and perfectionism to list a few and as a result things like watching tv and doing other things is just a way of avoidance.
Take this opportunity to experience some of the very best teaching Indian dance has to offer, meet new friends, and make memories that will last a lifetime!
What IS a High-five moment is the lol-fest that has emerged as South Africans unite in their bemused outrage. (Yes, yes. Ard apologised. Yes, yes – we forgive him (kind of) BUT if you are a performer and your entire job is to perform - of course people have a right to mock you when you mess up a performance.)
Wait, you say! There's only the 20th century in this list! I'll admit it, I am a 20th century kind of gal. I have some passing interest in England during the plague years and under Elizabeth I, in France during the Revolution, and in colonial and post-revolutionary America. But my dears! The dirt! The food! The lack of indoor plumbing! When I start my time travels -- and I have no doubt that this superpower will eventually make itself known to me--I want to be able to travel in style.
Who do you live for? Is a question that keeps coming up as people search for satisfaction and happiness.
Her company Thlolo Communications won contracts awarded in May 2007 and August 2008 for R3.2 million and R4 million respectively. They were for monitoring and evaluation of the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP).
We wavered on this, however, since I am looking to snag up a Flip Cam as a replacement, it doesn't make sense to keep something we have used twice in two years. A flip cam will be much easier for me to take quick videos with and move them straight to the blog. If you asked me how to use the DVD cam and then get a video from the DVD to the computer.... I wouldn't have a clue in the world how to do that... Although the image quality is probably superior in the DVD Camcorder than the smaller digital versions, it isn't fitting into my current lifestyle and taking up space in a drawer.
That feeling doesn't go away, and if it ever does for me, for a certain distance, maybe 100 miles, then I have no business running that far.
In recent years thousands of pounds have been spent erecting bollards and security measures to prevent illegal Travellers sites from setting up in the town.
At the end of the book, Georgia makes everything right before moving on to new things. Because the novel’s subject matter is largely unexplored from this perspective in literary fiction, which usually deals with teenage sex by mixing titillation and disapproval from an unimplicated grown-up distance, I would have liked to see the novel extend a bit further into the consequences of Georgia’s actions, to see the lasting effects–on her career, her emotional life, the other people affected by what she did–of the adult-world crisis she precipitated. But this is a tiny quibble, and is probably another book entirely. Shabas more than justifies her inclusion in the Canadian women to watch list with this excellent and important debut.
Result in Impairment and/or Lost Wages
I get to be with people who make me feel good about myself. I wish it could be that way for everyone.
Today is all about breaking your stride. Not slowing down or stopping but moving in an unexpected direction. I always chuckle to myself when I see those folk power walking through the mall or on a stroll through the neighbourhood. Those people on a mission – full bent for their destination and not letting anything get in their way. Those people go places and they are very likely to meet the destination they have set for themselves. Their bodies march to an internal forward, forward, forward, forward rhythm that propels them from A-B. I know the charge of following that rhythm, it has gotten me out of a lot of shopping malls!
Welcome to day two of the Impression Obsession sneak peeks. I am not sure that my picture shows some of the sparkle I added to the card, so I added a close-up picture:
world are caused by government
I have a picture of him that I took that day. He's talking to his long time team mate, then with the Cubs, Andre Dawson. The two of them no doubt laughing about days of youth and energy and potential and about what lay ahead. I sent it to him to get signed and he graciously did.
“I just lay the inserts on top of the cover and swap them out to get more uses out of the cover. Works well. Their boy-fold for the inserts works GREAT.”
I’m afraid all too often, the answer is no.
Special note to UFCW and ISSU members: once your "talking points" arguments have been made once in the comments, I won't publish them again. The 'tax collection' and 'Walmart' arguments have been made; the 'no stores in small towns' red herring has been displayed. Make new points, or don't bother; no 'avalanches' here, thank you. Of course, that goes for already posted pro-privatization arguments as well; please read the comments before adding your own.
Always and Forever you have my love…..
B. supported the Wilmot Proviso.
The fripperies were of course politically necessary as a sop for what the carbon tax will do. When the carbon tax cuts in a few weeks from now, the price impact will likely be huge -- not necessarily because of the tax itself but because any business that thinks it can get away with it will put up its prices and blame that on the carbon tax. That should filter through into the statistics and come out nicely just before the next election. What fun! (for Tony Abbott).
As the profile shows, the glen road to 200 metres stretches the legs. The pull up to 650m pounds them, but 650-945m is a gentle massage by comparison. Here’s some pics of the hike – not a day for shorts & T-shirts, or views as it turned out…
By extension, in VANITY + CONSOLATION I try to show the cracks in what seems like an ancient and nearly impenetrable psychic wall of vanity. These are the whorled places that hold the sweet and aching sadness of our desire and beauty.
“No. I’m pretty much a city girl.”
### Otago Bulletin* Issue 19, 2 October 2009 (page 2)
XL: “My parents. I know that is kind of cliche and perhaps corny to some but it’s the honest truth. It’s hard not to be influenced by people who have always been there for you regardless of whatever the situation may be and truly love and care for you unconditionally.”
With such a dramatic centerpiece as the corset, the jewelry is kept simple and chic with just enough sparkle to highlight the shimmering clasps on the corset and your own glowing smile.
Attempts to bolster the Haitian economy have failed. In 1997 Secretary of State Madeleine Albright flew to Haiti to launch a new privatization program funded by U.S. investors, and to celebrate the return of a state-run flour mill to the private sector. Miss Albright’s triumphal visit to the mill was scuttled when advance men found it occupied by angry former workers demanding more severance pay.
Feed in tariffs, standard offers, production incentives.
So I have returned to the birth land of my Maternal Grandfather, William-John Foley.
11/24 Boise, ID The Venue
they echo that of which
12. The Change
We've had a lot of years of experience with this company's products and for us and our needs... you can't go wrong with GunVault Handgun Vaults.
So, you ask, what is the deal? Where are the pictures of these cute little twins!?
“… taking every thought captive to the obedience of Christ …”
Wetherspoons does the right thing by its pubs. You can always find a couple of sentences offering reasons for the name. I should like to appeal to other pub chains, and indeed publicans, to do the same. How can you run a pub called 'the Change of Hart' or 'the Bald Faced Stag' and not be curious about it?
1 tin lentils
Now, however, the cinder blocks have started to climb. And the gum ad is fast disappearing. A shame. Still, I'm glad they didn't go to the bother to paint over the ad. It's fun to imagine the surprise that will await New Yorkers when this crappy new building is inevitably torn down in 30 or 40 years time. The flavor lasts—and so do the faded ads.
In ascending order of disposable budget:
Everybody got this broken feeling
“If you store any data in a US company, that company – with few exceptions – is legally required to hand that data over to US government without even a search warrant, so I think both individuals and governments should take precautions to make sure that their citizens’ data is not being handed over to US companies or their foreign subsidiaries, which are also subject to that same hypocritically named Patriot Act,” he warned.
So...to the faces and heart warming voices that keep showing back up...I'm thankful for you and the road we took to get here.
I NEVER get to be alone these days, so this is a big treat for me!
Twinings to me is the ultimate tea brand, if I ever were to fall in love with regular tea, which is shocking that I don't as it goes hand in hand with cake - then I think it would be this Twinings New Green Teas box I'd be picking up from the aisle.
Sheikh Al-Qaradhawi Sermon on Qatar TV: The Arabs Must Obtain, But Not Use, Weapons of Mass Destruction- Nuclear, Chemical, And Biological – “In Order to Strike Terror In The Hearts of Our Enemies”
There is a rumour that an invester would be willing to do just that and pay the debts except Jordan.
2. Buy more fresh foods and rely on those instead of ones that have been preserved for you. When foods are in season, stock up and freeze these for later use. Tomatoes, green beans and fresh fruits are perfect.
Some tips that he would provide to someone who is in a similar position would be:
In the phonetic alphabet, Xray represents the letter X. I think we all know what an xray is so I won't bore anyone with the definition. Instead, I'll offer an interesting picture I found:
This doesn't preclude New Belgium settling in Asheville at all. It's still attractive for the same reasons it always was, and now you've got an added attraction, in that having Sierra in the area will draw support industries, draw skilled workers, create an atmosphere even more supportive of craft beer. As our pharmaceutical businesses have learned, that's a tangible benefit.
Place: Maui Tropical Plantation
For everyone looking for a way to make money from home or online and think project pay day is the way to do it, this is for you. Project pay day is an online opportunity that offers people money for filling out short surveys for different companies and referring others to do the same. You’ve probably seen the ads for project pay day online offering the free xbox, ipod or other ‘gift’ for completing a survey.
A Survivor’s Tale, which stands out for its raw power and gut-wrenching authenticity, will be published in May 2012 by Thornwillow Press to mark the centennial of the sinking of the famed ship.
Questioning whether this person is the right one or not,
All in favor..stay tuned to this post.
4) Seniors are about the only people who still watch Network News and read Newspapers.
It's amazing how one change (taking a walk in the morning) can inspire a whole domino effect for a healthier, happier day.
$3.00 off Scrubbing Bubbles Fresh Brush
Experiences of the Astral Plane
Every now and then I find myself wondering, why can’t we live in a world where we all get along?
Bottoms up! - Erin
At one time, when the Bronx Zoo made the transition to habitats, everything seemed to be so dramatically large and the animals so free. As I have visited the zoos since that time, the habitats feel smaller. I can't help but compare these environments to the areas which the same animals must inhabit in the wild.
- Walk/Run: The first annual Bill Jackson Memorial Walk/Run
I Really Am Ignoring
Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, depending on if you are serving immediately or if it will be reheated later.
Pat Finucane was a high profile victim of the Troubles in Northern Ireland, but not so Patrick McCullough. Who is Patrick McCullough, I can almost hear the reader ask? Well, he was a 17-year-old Catholic boy, just starting his first job in life, when he was shot dead in a loyalist drive-by shooting near his North Belfast home.
This past weekend was AMAZING. I got so much lovin from Rodney. I took him up to the ski hill and we had some awesome pizza and we cuddled and watched tons of movies and got addicted to a new show, United States of Tara, together. We went swimming and drove out to Marquette and ventured out onto Lake Superior together. I had a blast. And his new car is awesome. I’m so happy that my new camera got here Saturday so I could capture it all with decent pictures. It wasn’t supposed to get here until Monday, so that was a pleasant surprise.
Like every stupid tradition (U.S. Constitution, anyone), parents have come out in full force to defend it. It’s tradition. It’s a precious memory my child needs to celebrate with his peers. They never seem to feel bad feeding crap to your children. The excuse? Everything is okay in moderation.
The differences between this account and that provided by Simon Tawoneyi in NADA Nip, /4, /936/7, were thoroughly discussed on several occasions. Chidziwa still satisfied that his version is the correct one and in a letter dated 29th August, 1963, he wrote, “Simon Towoneyi was told the wrong history by Zwenhamo, the wife of He also went to see Membere but failed to contact him and in the some teiln, stated, “I asked other people. They told me does not know too much about the family of the vaShawasha, because he failed to tell Father Hannan and Simon
Hawaiian tattoos and body art have a history of thousands of years and experience a renewed popularity since the 90s, together with other tribal tattoo styles. Aloha!
I washed a load of laundry, packaged an e-bay order and got out all my baking supplies before I went to pick up g-son at pre-school.
Preheat oven to 100 C (200 F) and line two large baking trays with baking paper.
So if you are on a budget but still fancy a fabulous exciting dress I say look no further than here!
You get two burn triggers, both doing five damage each, you have two hasted 3/3 doing another six, and you’re not counting any possible creatures you may end up controlling from your opponents side. And those two “mind controlled” creatures, only need to deal another 4 damage won win you the game, or you could just give your Angel haste if needed. Yes you can target your own permanents with Zealous Conscripts to untap them and give them haste.
For her birthday dinner she requested roast, cheesy potatoes, oriental slaw, homemade roles, creamed corn, and five-in-one salad. It was amazing!!
· Candidates with less than 1 year in the current company
She then tells me that she is going to try and pick a shift up on Wednesday because it is rib night and also a hockey night.
4 parchment
” We operate out of our original 1882 depot located at 479 Main Avenue, Durango, CO 81301
In the IDF, the motto for military leaders is “after me!” Leaders are the first to lead the way into danger and put themselves in harm’s way. It was no different for the raid at Entebbe.
- thomas bel - innerly - annexia - 2012 (lp)
Infographics are cool. Infographics are hot.
Siobhan has said:
He already has a room, of course, which is convenient. Before the night is over, Tulsa could be on Neptune for all he cares.
1 & 1/2 cup of milk
someone comes by and steals all your money
It would be very strange to see the gaps in ourselves that others see. Big, huge, glaring chunks of yourself just not there... We all feel we are the rounded, complete person that our within experience is our all. Yet when we see anyone else we only experience what is there to be seen, found or granted...
Thank you so much for stopping by! I hope you have enjoyed my projects as well as those of the other participants. Please click HERE to see Dawn Hoffman's lovely projects.
During the day, I hope to attend a wacky Hanami party with dozens of brewsters, but that all depends upon how soon I can depart this city.
I love this neighborhood and my neighbors but there needs to be some changes made. Maybe I need to stop bitching and start a neighborhood committee. I dunno. It just seems like there's a lot of wasted potential. What's a jackass know-it-all to do?
(24) 1 Corinthians 2:4-5
Mythmere Games
The bottom line is, I flipped spectacularly, broke the forks on my bike, scratched up my nice levers and saddle, and took an expensive ride to the hospital, for no reason whatsoever. Many thanks to the BU riders who were kind enough to find my bike later and return it to me the next day.
I'm coming down off the high afforded by the Society for General Internal Medicine's 2011 annual meeting - collaborative and inspiring. I was surprised by my own reactions to two plenary addresses.
"Haven't you ever asked yourself, 'Was that me singing?'" - Um, me... in class. FYI - I heard someone singing and then got confused and it all just toppled out - as always in that class.
Rice:
TO my terrible dismay, when I went to the app store, there wasn’t one to be found. I went to Scholastic’s site and hunted around for where their ebooks would be downloaded if I purchased one. Upon further review, to my rising horror, my beloved book provider for 18 years had a program for reading ebooks, but it was only compatible with PCs! Didn’t Scholastic know that much of education is Apple-based? Didn’t Scholastic know that the programs for ereaders out there were universal in design, not operating system specific?! Didn’t they know that I had iPads and they should be developing an app for tablets?!!! (No, it isn’t all about me, but I’d like to think that the feedback I gave Scholastic when I discovered this reminded them of where they really needed to be going with their ereaders…)
P.S. His little shades of 4D-ness are totally peeking out throughout the interview…. sho qewt~!
Attila and Hun came in every day for PT until I was out of there. They were big and looked scary, but were really a couple of teddy bears ... very nice and considerate and they convinced that evil little twit they worked for that she didn't need to come back in and see me. Good thing too, because I'd have probably left the hospital in hand cuffs on my way to jail.
For the past twenty-one years I have worked my butt off. It’s true. The past three have been no exception, in fact they have simply provided occasion for more exertion. I have compiled a resume and transcript that illustrate my knowledge, passion, and experience. Countless hours have been devoted to honing those skills deemed absolutely necessary to succeed in the modern information driven world. I can “communicate effectively” and utilize technology. The proper steps have been followed to gain the precious real world experience that everyone says looks so great on a resume. I prefer to think of all those hours and experiences as helping build me and prepare me for future challenges. I care more about the experiences I gained and the tangible skills learned rather than the name that appears on some piece of paper. The name may get me through the door, but the skills will keep me there.
Getting back to "normal" and getting back in the swing of things has been really difficult, yet easy at the same time. Let me explain before you shake your head at my confusing words and wonder what the heck I'm talking about. :)
I suppose all bloggers by nature, even if they are introverts in person, are people who want to be noticed. We're all metaphorically screaming with our posts "Look at me! Aren't I the greatest. Aren't I special? Don't you LOVE me? My opinion is important, dammit!", and that is just those of us who aren't the middle child in our families. I have never met a blogger who doesn't want their posts read.
In another post written earlier this week, I quoted from a statement from Archbishop Charles Chaput of Philadelphia in which he wrote:
"Let me go." He wasn't trying to sound belligerent, but the words came out as a harsh hiss.
His sister, a kindly generous woman, had died at the age of 42 in the early 70s. She had a brain tumour which was operated on. She died from the operation. My dad wouldn’t accept her death, blaming the surgeon. A man who had said his prayers religiously before going to bed now lost his faith and became vociferously atheist. He now asked if there is a God, why did he allow his sister to die at such a young age? She’d never done anything to deserve that.
“The rotten masks that divide one man
He went to bed at his normal time on Thursday night, but he got up about an hour later. We made him go back to bed and told him that the tooth fairy couldn't come until he was asleep. We heard him singing in his room for a while, and then everything was quiet, so I decided to risk it and go on in.
"It's the truth. It's actual. Everything is sat-is-factual."
Mindfulness and Money lays out the Path of Abundance with practical wisdom, exercises, meditations, and real-life examples that speak to Buddhists and others alike. When we follow the Path, the authors promise, we not only avoid suffering about money; we also move closer to knowing who we really are, and we set ourselves free to live with our life’s true purpose.
As i see my friends…this is a passage from the book i work on and hopefully everything will go as according to the plan. However for most of you it might look probably insane…but is better to see the mystery behind it and let others judge…isanity after all is part of all and we express it differently…i see it in stories…stories that save me in being the same regular person…have a wonderful week all of you as i see it here in Aalborg is quite sunny and wonderful to enjoy!
30.) I Want All Votes To Count - NOT EXACTLY; you said let the delegates
Eleven Blowups, 2006
I wish I had a portable web-cam. You know, one that is fixed in front of my head, sort of like that torch on a coalminer`s helmet! When I am taking excursions, I could then take you along and wouldn`t have to tell you all the details or take photos (my camera is still broken anyway), but you could switch my web cam on and walk with me! Well, people would perhaps throw weird looks at me (us), because I was wearing that stiff helmet but that won`t bother us. When I was sitting on a bench in Hamburg`s main shopping street last week, there were suddenly loud shouts, and then I saw a man in a cow costume running down the sidewalk, with another man in a cowboy`s outfit who swang a knife, running after him. People looked up, saw it was just a joke or whatever, and then continued after their own business. So my helmet would not raise attention, either (and YOU could have seen that cowman running - I did think that was an extraordinary sight, but then I am living in a small town now!).
I enjoyed sharing this card with you. Keep blogging along with me. I appreciate your comments and sharing info with me. Until later take care.
The real treat of the night was a 1987 bottle of Thomas Hardys Ale. This was from the old Eldridge Pope vintages. It was superb. Described as " a waltz on the palate," it still held loads of sweet fruit flavors with creamy butterscotch notes. We compared it to a more recent O'Hanlon 2006 vintage of Thomas Hardys Ale, and it won hands down.
The way that I choose names is no great formula. It is more of a "pulling them out of the air" and seeing if they sound right as I picture the character in my mind. The only extra pause I gave to character names was whether or not they would allow me to create a nickname for the character or if there might be a way to twist the spelling of the name to make them more memorable.
Essentially, know what you’re letting yourself in for: from online application forms to assessment centres and face-to-face interviews there are numerous ways organisations assess applicants. To find out how to prepare, look at the website. Again. If they have a list of five key things they want from you write down examples which how amazing you are at those things! Then practice, practice, practice – go online for practice tests, ask a careers advisor to read your application before you send it and rope some volunteers in to watch you practice your presentation skills.
I think her head is beautiful and she is well fitt like ;)
Written by Christine Kenne. Directed by Chuck Jones
2.) The Who – Quadrophenia / 1973
So, that’s basically who I am. Deeply spontaneous, always up for a prank, and constantly searching inside myself for what I really “should be,” and thus perhaps coming off a bit cold and quiet when inside I’m laughing and in earnest.
Although I do pine for those early days of HE where Ram was so eager and excited to get outside. Today he is not only displaying the usual grumpiness of being a teen, but he has the aches and pains and lack of energy of the hypermobility syndrome , so it is much harder to get him outside.
If you haven't picked up this great publication yet, hopefully you can still find it.
I debated between a couple different recipes - one from Baking Illustrated and one from Alton Brown. Although similar the main differences were in the type of flour and the type of sweetener. The Baking Illustrated recipe used bread flour which has a higher gluten content and therefore creates a chewier dough. Pretzels are supposed to be chewy so I decided to stick with the bread flour. The Baking Illustrated recipe also used honey and after reading their explanation, I decided to go with that - it also meant I didn't have to open a package of brown sugar for a couple tablespoons - so it made it a fairly easy decision. The other key to the recipe which both versions did is to boil the pretzels in a baking soda solution, so make sure you don't skip this step.
It’s no longer feasible, or justifiable, to continue spending money on these medications. I found a recipe for a home remedy: 1 part witch hazel, 1 part apple cider vinegar.
The third project I am happy about was for Chase. I also crocheted a blanket for him. Another project I did last year was a scrapbook that showcase my son. My son will be celebrating his eighteen birthday in Febuary. More about the scrapbook in 2012.
